user1	like_activity	whittling
user1	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user1	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user1	other	carnivore
user2	like_general	remodelling homes
user2	like_activity	hunting
user2	like_sports	archery
user2	favorite	halloween
user3	want	immortality
user3	like_general	people
user3	like_general	technology
user3	has_hobby	diving
user4	have_sibling	4 sibling
user4	want	mermaid
user4	like_drink	iced tea
user5	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user5	have	trouble connecting with family
user5	other	<blank>
user5	misc_attribute	shy
user6	have	local theater gig
user6	has_profession	comedian
user6	place_origin	small town
user6	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user6	previous_profession	actor
user7	misc_attribute	intelligent
user7	has_profession	writer
user7	has_ability	cook
user7	has_ability	perfect pitch
user8	physical_attribute	athletic
user8	own	wear contacts
user8	physical_attribute	brunette
user8	like_activity	cycling
user8	like_food	carrots
user9	like_food	1 sugar
user9	other	profession
user9	have_vehicle	mercedes
user9	have_sibling	3 sibling
user9	marital_status	engaged
user10	other	carnivore
user10	has_ability	play instrument
user10	has_profession	welder
user10	other	gay
user11	like_food	pizza
user11	like_read	mystery
user11	like_goto	beach
user11	nationality	united states
user12	own	house
user12	like_activity	crocheting
user12	like_music	alternative rock
user12	favorite	holiday
user13	own	black car
user13	like_music	rock
user13	own	black purse
user13	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user13	like_general	wearing black clothing
user14	have_pet	dog
user14	like_activity	bathing
user14	like_music	country
user15	like_goto	museum
user15	marital_status	married
user15	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user15	have_family	10 niece
user15	has_profession	writer
user16	like_activity	partying
user16	school_status	student
user16	attend_school	university
user16	like_goto	beach
user16	employed_by_general	restaurant
user17	has_profession	banker
user17	dislike	traveling
user17	favorite	iphone
user17	misc_attribute	confused
user17	like_activity	hiking
user18	place_origin	texas
user18	like_sports	basketball
user18	job_status	employed
user18	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user19	like_sports	football
user19	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user19	like_activity	reading
user20	like_activity	travel
user20	<blank>	travel
user21	like_animal	dog
user21	place_origin	nevada
user21	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user21	other	orphan
user22	like_activity	singing
user22	like_general	going to bed late
user22	has_ability	dance
user22	has_ability	play instrument
user22	other	vegetarian
user23	like_read	enders game
user23	other	veteran
user23	like_read	<blank>
user23	has_hobby	gardening
user24	like_animal	animals
user24	like_sports	tennis
user24	want_job	singer
user25	favorite_season	summer
user25	attend_school	university of michigan
user25	school_status	graduated
user25	like_food	taco
user25	want_job	doctor
user26	has_hobby	watching television
user26	attend_school	local college
user26	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user26	like_music	classic rock
user27	has_profession	farmer
user27	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user27	want	travel
user27	have_pet	2 dog
user27	favorite_music	rock
user28	like_music	10 concerts
user28	employed_by_general	retailer
user28	like_music	madonna
user29	have_sibling	4 sibling
user29	want	mermaid
user29	like_drink	iced tea
user30	marital_status	married
user30	live_in_general	boat
user30	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user30	own	salon
user30	has_profession	hairdresser
user31	has_profession	manager
user31	like_goto	canada
user31	has_hobby	bicycling
user31	other	name
user31	misc_attribute	competitive
user32	has_hobby	snowboarding
user32	like_food	popcorn
user32	has_hobby	horseback riding
user32	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user33	has_profession	nurse
user33	other	childhood
user33	marital_status	married
user33	like_activity	surfing
user33	has_profession	baker
user34	misc_attribute	social
user34	like_sports	swimming
user34	attend_school	university
user34	has_hobby	exercise
user34	like_food	large meals
user35	like_read	agatha christie
user35	member_of	church
user35	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user36	dislike	clowns
user36	have_pet	2 dog
user36	like_activity	cooking
user36	have	2 roommate
user36	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user37	attend_school	university
user37	job_status	unemployed
user37	want_do	botox
user38	has_hobby	watching television
user38	live_in_general	alone
user38	like_activity	fishing
user38	has_profession	mechanic
user39	like_watching	science fiction
user39	like_food	pretzels
user39	like_music	vnv nation
user39	employed_by_general	railroad
user40	has_hobby	hunting
user40	other	parents are teachers
user40	have_pet	2 cat
user40	have_chidren	2 children
user40	like_goto	local animal shelter
user41	has_hobby	boating
user41	has_profession	doctor
user41	live_in_general	large home
user41	like_goto	beach
user41	employed_by_general	hospital
user42	other	help with bookeeping
user42	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user42	like_food	food with no animal product
user42	employed_by_general	grocery store
user43	misc_attribute	bizarre
user43	physical_attribute	tall
user43	misc_attribute	genius
user44	job_status	employed
user44	has_profession	waiter
user44	want_job	doctor
user44	job_status	employed
user45	misc_attribute	intelligent
user45	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user45	has_profession	writer
user45	has_ability	cook
user46	want_job	teacher
user46	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user46	attend_school	university
user47	like_food	sushi
user47	attend_school	graduate school
user47	school_status	student
user48	has_age	20
user48	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user48	like_general	blue
user48	gender	transfemale
user49	favorite_show	the voice
user49	employed_by_company	navy
user49	physical_attribute	tall
user49	like_sports	swimming
user50	favorite_season	summer
user50	job_status	unemployed
user50	have_pet	cat
user50	have	birthday in june
user50	have_family	mother
user51	has_profession	car salesman
user51	like_activity	painting
user51	like_food	meat
user52	favorite_music	rock opera
user52	like_food	tuna fish
user52	physical_attribute	brunette
user52	like_read	science fiction
user52	like_food	gummy worms
user53	have_pet	dog
user53	misc_attribute	smart
user54	dislike	pudding
user54	like_music	ke ha
user54	have	friend
user54	have	never done drugs
user54	like_activity	living in texas
user55	like_activity	shopping
user55	like_general	shoes
user55	like_activity	dance
user55	like_food	burrito
user56	like_activity	fishing
user56	have_pet	dog
user56	live_in_general	island
user56	has_hobby	boat making
user57	want	truck
user57	employed_by_general	hospital
user57	dislike	overtime
user57	favorite	toyota cars
user58	like_sports	equestrian
user58	other	allergic to shellfish
user58	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user58	like_activity	dancing
user59	have_pet	cat
user59	has_ability	make videos
user59	have_vehicle	car
user59	has_profession	youtuber
user60	like_drink	milk shakes
user60	favorite	holiday is halloween
user60	own	bike
user60	have_pet	dog
user60	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user61	dislike	trying new things
user61	like_general	the library
user61	want	be alone
user61	misc_attribute	distrustful
user62	employed_by_general	<blank>
user62	dislike	tofu
user63	like_read	twilight
user63	dislike	skiing
user63	have	6 toes
user63	have	glasses
user64	want	a real dragon
user64	own	suspenders
user64	like_activity	video games
user64	misc_attribute	dirty
user65	like_food	meat
user65	physical_attribute	red hair
user65	has_ability	computer repair
user66	other	not many friends
user66	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user66	employed_by_general	museum
user67	previous_profession	actor
user67	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user67	has_profession	comedian
user67	place_origin	small town
user67	have	local theater gig
user68	favorite_food	hamburger
user68	live_in_general	alone
user68	has_hobby	watching television
user68	has_profession	mechanic
user68	like_activity	fishing
user69	has_ability	driving
user69	place_origin	virginia
user69	has_profession	truck driver
user70	marital_status	married
user70	dislike	writing
user70	physical_attribute	sight
user70	have_pet	cat
user70	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user71	has_ability	play instrument
user71	has_profession	welder
user71	other	carnivore
user71	other	gay
user71	like_activity	video games
user72	like_activity	building computers
user72	employed_by_general	army
user72	has_ability	fly airplane
user72	like_general	tool
user72	attend_school	university
user73	like_general	my image
user73	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user73	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user73	want	mom was healthier
user74	previous_profession	marine
user74	like_activity	writing
user74	has_hobby	reading
user74	has_profession	bartender
user75	employed_by_general	real estate
user75	favorite	daisy
user75	marital_status	dating
user75	like_activity	singing
user76	favorite_food	spaghetti
user76	have_family	mother
user76	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user76	have	boyfriend
user76	misc_attribute	forgetful
user77	own	30 shoes
user77	like_activity	skateboarding
user77	have_pet	4 cat
user77	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user78	<blank>	travel
user79	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user79	like_general	place
user79	has_ability	not technology
user79	misc_attribute	savage
user80	like_music	death metal
user80	like_activity	watching television
user80	live_in_general	a home
user80	attend_school	university
user81	physical_attribute	asthma
user81	like_activity	running
user81	like_activity	dance
user81	physical_attribute	tall
user81	like_sports	hockey
user82	have_pet	horse
user82	live_in_general	country
user82	physical_attribute	pregnant
user83	has_age	29
user83	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user83	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user83	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user84	marital_status	single
user84	have	laugh
user84	employed_by_general	publishing building
user84	gender	female
user84	like_activity	cooking
user85	have_sibling	3 sibling
user85	like_activity	drawing
user85	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user85	like_general	blue
user86	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user86	other	omar
user86	dislike	city
user86	has_ability	play instrument
user87	want	child
user87	misc_attribute	bipolar
user87	other	mother
user87	like_food	hummus
user87	has_profession	nurse
user88	attend_school	graduate school
user88	misc_attribute	introvert
user88	have_pet	dog
user88	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user89	like_activity	baking
user89	member_of	retirement home
user89	has_age	old
user90	job_status	employed
user90	marital_status	married
user90	has_profession	factory worker
user90	want_job	musician
user91	dislike	regular life
user91	want	be an animal
user91	have_family	<blank>
user91	other	am curious about space
user92	has_ability	play instrument
user92	like_food	indian cuisine
user92	want	to adopt a dog
user92	has_hobby	play
user93	misc_attribute	optimistic
user93	like_music	country
user93	employed_by_company	scrubway
user93	want_do	video games
user94	want_do	traveling
user94	like_activity	cooking
user94	have_pet	cat
user95	has_profession	roofer
user95	like_sports	football
user95	favorite_food	steak
user95	have	a beer
user95	have_vehicle	truck
user96	favorite_color	green
user96	like_animal	animals
user96	want_job	singer
user96	like_sports	tennis
user97	like_read	comics
user97	has_hobby	collect autographs
user97	like_food	organic
user97	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user98	has_degree	american literature and education
user98	school_status	graduated
user98	has_hobby	hiking
user98	want_job	teacher
user99	like_activity	baking
user99	has_profession	chef
user99	<blank>	<blank>
user99	has_hobby	photography
user100	other	cat person
user100	own	cell phone
user100	like_drink	alcohol
user100	member_of	hobby club
user101	has_profession	baker
user101	want_do	retire
user101	previous_profession	actor
user101	have_family	wife
user102	job_status	internship
user102	other	character
user102	have_pet	reptile
user102	want_do	skydiving
user103	have_vehicle	moped
user103	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user103	<blank>	<blank>
user103	favorite	halo 3
user103	like_activity	singing
user104	own	large ax
user104	like_general	lumberjacking
user104	like_food	pancakes
user104	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user105	want_do	make more money
user105	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user105	has_hobby	writing
user105	want	not to work
user106	has_degree	masters
user106	marital_status	married
user106	own	my home
user106	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user107	like_watching	game of thrones
user107	place_origin	alabama
user107	like_animal	rabbit
user108	has_age	7
user108	school_status	rejected
user108	like_sports	soccer
user109	want	find easy ways to make money
user109	like_read	news
user109	want_do	invest in stock market
user109	has_ability	website design
user110	dislike	talking to people
user110	like_drink	beverage
user110	favorite_food	nachos
user110	other	imaginative
user110	has_hobby	d&d
user111	have_pet	dog
user111	has_hobby	fishing
user111	like_music	charlie daniels
user111	marital_status	married
user112	have_chidren	1 son
user112	like_read	<blank>
user112	other	epileptic
user112	like_activity	swimming
user113	favorite_movie	16 candles
user113	have_chidren	2 children
user113	like_activity	running
user113	job_status	employed
user113	like_food	cheesecake
user114	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user114	have	3 tattoos
user114	like_activity	driving
user115	marital_status	married
user115	favorite_food	cheesecake
user115	misc_attribute	bored
user115	own	money
user115	have_chidren	children
user116	has_hobby	baking
user116	have_sibling	twin brother
user116	favorite_book	david copperfield
user116	physical_attribute	short
user117	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user117	like_food	shrimp
user117	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user118	have_pet	cat
user118	has_ability	make videos
user118	has_profession	youtuber
user118	have_vehicle	car
user119	employed_by_general	<blank>
user119	has_ability	play instrument
user119	place_origin	chicago
user119	have_sibling	2 brother
user120	like_general	boots
user120	has_hobby	horseback riding
user120	like_food	beef
user121	like_activity	baking
user121	like_general	internet
user121	other	vegetarian
user121	favorite_music	country
user121	job_status	employed
user122	other	vegan
user122	like_activity	painting
user122	has_hobby	traveling
user122	have_pet	23 cat
user123	has_hobby	drink beers
user123	like_activity	fishing
user123	misc_attribute	simple
user124	has_profession	design video games
user124	dislike	afraid of the dark
user124	favorite_music	rock
user124	dislike	broccoli
user125	favorite_activity	computer time
user125	like_sports	hockey
user125	has_ability	sleep
user126	has_hobby	soccer
user126	favorite	nike cleats
user126	other	42 number is
user126	misc_attribute	team player
user126	has_hobby	goalie
user127	have_pet	3 dog
user127	has_profession	accountant
user127	like_read	horror
user127	like_goto	the lake
user128	like_activity	hiking
user128	has_ability	speak language
user128	has_profession	barista
user128	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user129	want_do	procedures
user129	want	happy
user129	like_general	her
user129	like_activity	dressing up
user130	like_read	<blank>
user130	employed_by_general	magazine
user130	favorite_color	yellow
user130	like_activity	game halo
user130	like_activity	working out
user131	have_pet	2 <blank>
user131	marital_status	married
user131	has_age	30
user131	like_activity	walking
user131	have_chidren	2 children
user132	other	vegetarian
user132	has_hobby	reading
user132	misc_attribute	witty
user132	like_animal	sharks
user132	like_activity	dance
user133	like_watching	game of thrones
user133	dislike	heights
user133	favorite_season	winter
user133	like_general	cold weather
user134	has_hobby	writing
user134	want	know
user134	has_profession	trainer
user134	job_status	employed
user135	has_age	14
user135	like_sports	swimming
user135	like_general	sports cars
user135	favorite_activity	research race cars
user135	have	3 best friends
user136	has_ability	fly airplane
user136	like_activity	building computers
user136	like_general	tool
user136	employed_by_general	army
user136	attend_school	university
user137	has_hobby	horseback riding
user137	misc_attribute	cold
user137	have_family	adopted
user137	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user137	have_family	only child
user138	dislike	tofu
user138	employed_by_general	<blank>
user138	have_vehicle	prius
user139	own	black car
user139	own	black purse
user139	like_general	wearing black clothing
user139	like_music	rock
user140	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user140	like_general	apple products
user140	like_activity	snorkeling
user140	like_activity	travel
user141	has_hobby	collect autographs
user141	like_read	comics
user141	like_food	organic
user141	own	2 snakes
user141	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user142	teach	kindergarten
user142	has_profession	teacher
user142	school_status	2016 graduated
user142	has_hobby	kayaking
user143	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user143	have	nickname
user143	like_watching	anime
user143	job_status	employed
user143	other	have never ate candy
user144	favorite_hobby	knitting
user144	have_pet	cat
user144	have	2 tattoos
user144	like_activity	shopping
user145	misc_attribute	above average
user145	misc_attribute	organized
user145	like_activity	gossiping
user145	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user145	dislike	kissing
user146	physical_attribute	brunette
user146	like_activity	cycling
user146	own	wear contacts
user146	like_food	carrots
user147	like_activity	driving
user147	have	survived
user147	physical_attribute	tall
user147	like_read	<blank>
user148	marital_status	divorced
user148	has_hobby	teapots
user148	employed_by_general	bank
user148	like_animal	cat
user149	like_goto	restaurant
user149	has_ability	play instrument
user149	like_music	drake
user149	like_music	rap
user149	like_activity	cooking
user150	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user150	like_activity	larp
user150	physical_attribute	overweight
user150	has_profession	designer
user150	physical_attribute	tall
user151	misc_attribute	nice
user151	have	nice smile
user151	misc_attribute	friendly
user151	like_activity	working out
user152	like_drink	apple martinis
user152	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user152	own	suburban
user152	member_of	hobby club
user152	has_ability	driving
user153	has_hobby	cheerleading
user153	have_chidren	children
user153	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user153	has_profession	blogger
user154	like_goto	beeach
user154	like_general	job
user154	have_pet	dog
user154	previous_profession	technician
user154	like_activity	cycling
user155	like_general	headsets
user155	own	phone
user155	like_general	red
user155	have_family	parents
user156	has_hobby	jogging
user156	has_ability	donor
user156	have	boyfriend
user156	has_profession	waiter
user157	school_status	graduated
user157	have_family	big family
user157	want	weather
user157	place_origin	outside the us
user158	like_activity	reading
user158	marital_status	married
user158	has_profession	teacher
user159	like_activity	praying
user159	like_general	building apps
user159	like_activity	working out
user160	want	pot bellied pig
user160	like_read	anne of green gables
user160	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user161	live_in_general	large home
user161	has_profession	doctor
user161	has_hobby	boating
user161	like_goto	beach
user161	employed_by_general	hospital
user162	like_food	cake
user162	has_ability	play instrument
user162	have_pet	2 dog
user162	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user163	have_chidren	5 children
user163	school_status	student
user163	like_animal	fish
user163	employed_by_company	computer company
user164	have	girlfriend
user164	live_in_general	city
user164	physical_attribute	pink hair
user165	has_hobby	drink beers
user165	like_activity	fishing
user165	misc_attribute	simple
user165	like_activity	fishing
user165	dislike	pretty
user166	have_chidren	3 children
user166	has_profession	truck driver
user166	like_activity	singing
user166	like_food	wings
user167	attend_school	graduate school
user167	has_hobby	cooking
user167	have_family	niece
user167	like_goto	beach
user167	have	obsession with dog
user168	like_activity	hiking
user168	like_activity	traveling
user168	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user168	has_hobby	environmentalist
user169	like_food	ice cream
user169	employed_by_general	dog walker
user169	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user170	have_family	father
user170	has_age	32
user170	has_profession	general
user170	has_hobby	larping
user171	like_read	anne of green gables
user171	want	pot bellied pig
user171	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user171	dislike	beauty pageant
user172	like_general	people
user172	like_general	technology
user172	have_pet	dog and cat
user172	want	immortality
user172	has_hobby	diving
user173	other	vegan
user173	want	be millionaire
user173	like_sports	hockey
user173	has_hobby	yoga
user173	like_watching	sport
user174	has_profession	teacher
user174	has_hobby	puzzles
user174	like_music	country
user174	has_profession	writer
user175	employed_by_general	movie theater
user175	has_hobby	filmng
user175	like_food	nachos
user176	attend_school	high school
user176	own	motorcycle
user176	other	no accent
user176	attend_school	university
user177	has_profession	baker
user177	have	a few friends
user177	like_activity	sewing
user177	like_general	katy perry
user177	like_activity	hunting
user178	other	vegetarian
user178	like_sports	surfing
user178	like_animal	panda
user178	want_do	open a business
user179	have	0 traveled.
user179	employed_by_general	dog walker
user179	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user179	like_food	ice cream
user180	other	veteran
user180	attend_school	graduate school
user180	have	girlfriend
user181	favorite	penn and teller
user181	have_pet	2 dog
user181	have_vehicle	car
user181	like_food	lasagna
user181	want_job	astronaut
user182	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user182	have	3 tattoos
user182	other	did not know my dad
user182	like_activity	driving
user183	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user183	like_activity	singing
user183	have	nickname
user184	job_status	employed
user184	job_status	employed
user184	has_age	22
user184	like_general	children
user185	like_general	blame
user185	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user185	physical_attribute	fat
user185	misc_attribute	generous
user185	like_general	smelling my own farts
user186	other	character
user186	want_do	skydiving
user186	have_pet	reptile
user187	has_age	35
user187	teach	japanese and drawing
user187	misc_attribute	accent
user188	like_watching	television
user188	has_hobby	hunting
user188	like_general	tigers baseball team
user188	physical_attribute	thin
user189	gender	female
user189	attend_school	high school
user189	physical_attribute	blonde
user189	like_activity	skateboarding
user190	have	allergy
user190	has_profession	writer
user190	want_job	actress
user190	favorite_animal	zebra
user190	employed_by_general	arena
user191	like_activity	helping
user191	job_status	retired
user191	live_in_general	rural area
user191	favorite_food	pasta
user191	has_age	older
user192	like_movie	superhero
user192	own	2 monitors
user192	like_general	iphone
user192	has_ability	single
user193	like_activity	baking
user193	has_profession	cartographer
user193	like_activity	wrestling
user193	like_activity	painting
user194	dislike	vegetables
user194	has_age	9
user194	physical_attribute	tall
user194	like_activity	running
user194	physical_attribute	buff
user195	like_music	concerts
user195	other	vegan
user195	attend_school	umass
user196	have	friends
user196	has_age	10
user196	live_in_general	house
user196	like_animal	dogs and cats
user197	favorite_drink	pepsi
user197	has_hobby	reading
user197	has_profession	librarian
user198	physical_attribute	pregnant
user198	live_in_general	country
user198	have_pet	horse
user199	like_general	cars
user199	like_general	morning
user199	dislike	all
user199	like_activity	roleplay
user200	place_origin	farm
user200	has_profession	veterinarian
user200	has_hobby	running
user200	have_family	2 nephew
user201	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user201	has_hobby	weight lifting
user201	has_hobby	working out
user201	physical_attribute	buff
user202	has_ability	play instrument
user202	has_hobby	play
user202	like_food	indian cuisine
user202	want	to adopt a dog
user203	employed_by_company	aldis
user203	favorite_movie	titanic
user203	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user203	have_chidren	2 children
user204	marital_status	engaged
user204	have_vehicle	mercedes
user204	has_profession	babysitter
user204	have_sibling	sister
user205	like_activity	video games
user205	have_pet	<blank>
user205	live_in_general	bed
user205	employed_by_general	home
user206	like_goto	water
user206	live_in_general	away from parents
user206	like_general	audiobookms
user206	like_general	cartoons
user207	dislike	alcohol
user207	attend_school	alabama university
user207	misc_attribute	anxious
user207	have	girlfriend
user208	favorite	mike trout
user208	has_age	19
user208	has_hobby	baseball
user208	has_hobby	baseball
user209	misc_attribute	dishonest
user209	misc_attribute	physical
user209	other	has driven race car
user209	want_do	<blank>
user210	have_vehicle	boat
user210	have	5 grandchildren
user210	<blank>	<blank>
user210	like_activity	fishing
user211	like_food	shrimp
user211	has_ability	play instrument
user211	has_hobby	vacation
user211	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user211	has_ability	karate
user212	dislike	the taste of cheese
user212	has_ability	cooking
user212	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user212	have_chidren	daughter
user213	have	been in two car crashes
user213	like_sports	<blank>
user213	attend_school	university
user213	like_activity	watching television
user213	like_drink	water
user214	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user214	own	universe
user214	has_profession	dental assistant
user214	like_activity	clubbing
user215	have	girlfriend
user215	like_activity	singing
user215	have_family	husband
user215	job_status	employed
user215	like_activity	cooking
user216	like_activity	swimming
user216	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user216	have_pet	4 dog
user216	dislike	green eggs and ham
user216	like_activity	cooking
user217	have_family	only child
user217	gender	female
user217	other	nancy
user217	like_general	barbie
user217	favorite_music	barbie girl
user218	school_status	graduated
user218	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user218	school_status	will study computer science
user218	like_activity	video games
user218	other	vegetarian
user219	like_food	pizza
user219	place_origin	beach
user219	has_hobby	traveling
user219	has_hobby	cooking
user220	physical_attribute	colorblind
user220	job_status	employed
user220	has_degree	marketing
user220	has_age	30
user220	other	volunteer firefighter.
user221	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user221	like_general	exclamation marks
user221	have_pet	2 cat
user221	misc_attribute	family attention
user221	like_activity	video games
user222	like_general	family and fun
user222	other	free spirit
user222	dislike	working
user222	like_activity	survivalism
user223	has_hobby	painting
user223	has_ability	lie
user223	has_hobby	painting
user224	like_goto	beeach
user224	previous_profession	technician
user224	like_activity	cycling
user224	like_general	job
user225	has_hobby	photography
user225	like_activity	baking
user225	<blank>	<blank>
user225	like_activity	traveling
user225	has_profession	chef
user226	attend_school	university
user226	like_goto	beach
user226	employed_by_general	restaurant
user226	like_activity	partying
user226	school_status	student
user227	like_sports	skiing
user227	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user227	favorite_music	rock
user227	attend_school	university
user227	has_hobby	traveling
user228	want	join military when younger
user228	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user228	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user228	previous_profession	mechanic
user229	physical_attribute	asthma
user229	like_activity	running
user229	like_activity	dance
user229	like_sports	hockey
user229	physical_attribute	tall
user230	own	band tees
user230	like_general	anime
user230	like_music	techno
user231	have	large mustache
user231	previous_profession	reporter
user231	other	recovering alcoholic
user231	live_in_general	condo
user232	<blank>	<blank>
user232	has_profession	police
user232	have_pet	2 dog
user232	like_activity	hunting
user233	gender	70 male
user233	have	5 grandchildren
user233	<blank>	<blank>
user233	like_activity	fishing
user234	has_ability	swim
user234	like_food	meat
user234	previous_profession	not stated
user234	like_general	anime
user235	like_general	cars
user235	like_activity	horseback riding
user235	like_activity	riding
user235	have	homes
user236	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user236	employed_by_general	university
user236	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user236	like_goto	"farmers market"
user236	has_ability	play instrument
user237	like_general	my image
user237	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user237	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user237	want	mom was healthier
user238	like_animal	dogs and cats
user238	live_in_general	house
user238	have	friends
user238	has_age	10
user239	has_hobby	writing
user239	has_profession	cook
user239	have	terrible singing voice
user239	has_hobby	hiking
user240	like_read	comics
user240	want_job	superhero
user240	favorite	superman
user240	other	<blank>
user240	has_age	8
user241	attend_school	university of north carolina
user241	has_profession	basketball player
user241	has_hobby	basketball
user241	has_profession	basketball player
user241	has_profession	athlete
user242	like_food	junk food
user242	dislike	family
user242	has_hobby	couch potato
user242	like_general	comics
user243	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user243	employed_by_general	<blank>
user243	have_pet	dog
user243	like_music	smooth jazz
user244	attend_school	high school
user244	physical_attribute	blonde
user244	like_activity	skateboarding
user244	gender	female
user245	like_general	antiques
user245	like_music	jazz
user245	misc_attribute	romantic
user245	like_general	dolls
user245	like_general	things
user246	like_activity	0 thinking
user246	has_ability	math
user246	misc_attribute	nerd
user246	have_sibling	sibling
user246	like_general	computers
user247	has_hobby	gambling
user247	like_activity	playing the lottery
user247	dislike	punching clocks
user247	previous_profession	telemarketer
user248	like_drink	coke
user248	has_hobby	shopping
user248	have_vehicle	ford
user248	like_general	katy perry
user249	like_activity	donate time
user249	employed_by_company	facebook
user249	has_profession	programmer
user249	job_status	employed
user250	like_animal	fish
user250	have_chidren	4 daughter
user250	has_profession	driver
user250	like_activity	board games
user251	favorite	iphone
user251	misc_attribute	confused
user251	dislike	traveling
user251	has_profession	banker
user251	like_activity	hiking
user252	employed_by_general	factory
user252	has_hobby	volunteer
user252	want_do	change the world
user252	like_general	jokes
user253	have_pet	cat
user253	favorite_drink	coffee
user253	have	boyfriend
user253	dislike	chalk
user254	have	medical bills
user254	physical_attribute	slow
user254	other	0 chewing food
user255	have_chidren	4 children
user255	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user256	have_sibling	sibling
user256	has_profession	carpenter
user256	marital_status	married
user256	previous_profession	slave
user257	have	roommate
user257	like_activity	singing
user257	employed_by_general	diner
user257	own	cupcake business
user257	has_ability	to be late
user258	dislike	fashion
user258	misc_attribute	am happy
user258	has_profession	waitress
user258	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user259	employed_by_company	army rangers
user259	marital_status	married
user259	like_general	deployment
user259	want_job	army
user260	have_chidren	daughter
user260	favorite	rose
user260	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user260	school_status	taking online classes
user260	has_profession	waiter
user261	has_profession	electrician
user261	like_sports	running
user261	like_food	hamburgers
user261	dislike	winter
user261	has_ability	sleep
user262	dislike	evil
user262	misc_attribute	weak
user262	misc_attribute	religious
user263	place_origin	california
user263	like_activity	shopping
user263	like_goto	outdoors
user263	like_general	recycling
user263	school_status	student
user264	school_status	student
user264	misc_attribute	distrustful
user264	physical_attribute	athletic
user264	have	friends
user264	want	responsible
user265	like_food	take out
user265	has_hobby	video games
user265	live_in_general	with parents
user265	dislike	job
user266	favorite_book	stephen king
user266	has_ability	digital art
user266	favorite_hobby	reading
user267	have_sibling	1 sister
user267	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user267	other	premature
user267	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user268	have	been to new york city
user268	want_job	curator
user268	like_drink	coffee
user268	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user269	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user269	like_drink	pepsi
user269	have_vehicle	toyota
user269	like_general	superfans
user270	like_general	helping others
user270	has_degree	nursing
user270	favorite_food	sushi
user271	physical_attribute	red hair
user271	marital_status	engaged
user271	job_status	unemployed
user271	has_hobby	dancing
user272	like_activity	drawing
user272	have_sibling	3 sibling
user272	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user273	has_ability	donor
user273	has_hobby	jogging
user273	have	boyfriend
user273	has_profession	waiter
user274	has_profession	scientist
user274	has_hobby	cooking
user274	live_in_general	alone
user274	<blank>	<blank>
user275	favorite_color	purple
user275	dislike	science
user275	job_status	seeking employment
user275	has_ability	drive
user276	other	vegetarian
user276	like_food	meat
user276	misc_attribute	lazy
user276	have	house
user277	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user277	physical_attribute	thin
user277	place_origin	baltimore
user277	has_profession	0 clerk
user278	gender	male
user278	has_profession	chef
user278	have_pet	parrot
user278	place_origin	baton rouge
user279	attend_school	online
user279	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user279	like_food	ice cream
user279	like_music	rock
user280	like_animal	dog
user280	has_profession	gamer
user280	like_activity	play league of legends
user280	marital_status	single
user281	has_ability	baking
user281	other	birth date
user282	marital_status	married
user282	like_general	family
user282	like_activity	art projects
user282	like_activity	traveling
user282	gender	female
user283	have_sibling	2 brother
user283	like_activity	photography
user283	like_general	blue
user283	other	youngest
user283	school_status	student
user284	have_pet	2 cat
user284	like_activity	baking
user284	teach	<blank>
user284	like_activity	walking
user285	gender	male
user285	like_food	pizza
user285	favorite_music_artist	ween
user285	like_activity	gardening
user285	like_activity	painting
user286	job_status	unemployed
user286	want	botos
user286	attend_school	university
user287	like_activity	traveling
user287	has_profession	chef
user287	like_activity	baking
user287	has_hobby	photography
user287	<blank>	<blank>
user288	like_activity	swimming
user288	like_activity	video games
user288	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user288	has_hobby	running
user289	employed_by_company	google
user289	like_food	lobster
user289	has_profession	engineer
user289	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user290	like_activity	singing
user290	has_profession	coffee shop
user290	school_status	student
user290	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user290	have_pet	cat
user291	has_profession	waitress
user291	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user291	dislike	fashion
user292	favorite_sport	football
user292	previous_profession	veteran
user292	marital_status	20 married
user292	job_status	volunteer
user292	like_activity	traveling
user293	has_ability	play instrument
user293	like_goto	"farmers market"
user293	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user293	employed_by_general	university
user294	other	carnivore
user294	favorite_music_artist	creed
user294	like_sports	running
user295	like_read	<blank>
user295	physical_attribute	brunette
user295	like_food	cupcakes
user295	employed_by_general	grocery store
user296	misc_attribute	critic
user296	dislike	my reputation
user296	misc_attribute	regretful
user296	dislike	being controlled
user297	have_chidren	children
user297	like_sports	basketball
user297	like_activity	singing
user297	marital_status	not married
user297	has_hobby	hunting
user298	like_activity	watching sunsets
user298	job_status	unemployed
user298	like_watching	sun rise
user298	has_profession	<blank>
user298	want_do	exercise
user299	dislike	vegetables
user299	physical_attribute	buff
user299	like_activity	running
user299	physical_attribute	tall
user299	has_age	9
user300	like_drink	mountain dew
user300	favorite_hobby	chess
user300	have	pink hair
user300	has_hobby	fencing
user301	favorite_activity	museums
user301	like_goto	places
user301	like_watching	the voice
user301	attend_school	princeton
user302	have_family	mother
user302	like_activity	video games
user302	dislike	1 cooking
user303	like_general	pink
user303	like_activity	swimming
user303	like_food	pasta
user303	like_general	being outside
user304	have_pet	cat
user304	has_profession	barista
user304	other	vegan
user304	favorite	rose
user304	favorite_color	orange
user305	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user305	like_drink	milk shakes
user305	favorite	holiday is halloween
user305	own	bike
user305	have_pet	dog
user306	gender	female
user306	like_animal	cat
user306	marital_status	married
user306	like_activity	crocheting
user307	physical_attribute	round
user307	physical_attribute	short
user307	like_activity	reading
user307	misc_attribute	smart
user308	employed_by_general	navy
user308	other	orphan
user308	has_degree	communications
user308	like_music	folk
user308	has_hobby	whittling
user309	like_activity	writing
user309	like_movie	romantic comedy
user309	has_profession	yoga instruction
user309	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user310	dislike	kids
user310	dislike	acting
user310	have_family	3 ex wives
user311	like_food	honey
user311	has_ability	throwing parties
user311	favorite_animal	monkey
user311	like_general	strangers
user311	want_do	<blank>
user312	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user312	other	vegan
user312	like_read	<blank>
user312	has_profession	nurse
user312	have	2 smartphones
user313	like_general	tool
user313	like_activity	building computers
user313	attend_school	university
user313	employed_by_general	army
user313	has_ability	fly airplane
user314	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user314	want	to be something else
user314	has_ability	speak language
user314	physical_attribute	6 tall
user315	like_activity	drawing and painting
user315	own	house
user315	have_vehicle	car
user315	job_status	employed
user316	has_profession	farmer
user316	school_status	graduated
user316	like_activity	hiking
user316	have_family	sibling
user316	physical_attribute	1 arm
user317	other	used to wear glasses
user317	want_job	publishing
user317	favorite_color	green
user318	has_degree	statistics
user318	want_job	casino manager
user318	have_chidren	3 children
user318	has_ability	card countin
user319	like_goto	library
user319	has_ability	play instrument
user319	have_sibling	2 brother
user319	school_status	student
user320	want	help
user320	job_status	unemployed
user320	have_family	parents
user320	other	am bisexual
user321	like_general	colors
user321	want_do	pilot
user321	has_profession	mortician
user321	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user321	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user322	have_pet	dog
user322	employed_by_company	target
user322	physical_attribute	7"
user322	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user323	have_sibling	brother
user323	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user323	have	0 cities
user323	has_ability	play instrument
user324	favorite_show	silicon valley
user324	has_hobby	tennis
user324	have_sibling	2 sister
user324	has_profession	baker
user325	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user325	have_chidren	daughter
user325	has_profession	waiter
user325	school_status	taking online classes
user326	have_vehicle	car
user326	like_food	meatloaf
user326	have_pet	dog
user327	has_profession	teacher
user327	has_hobby	reading
user327	has_profession	teacher
user327	has_hobby	watching television
user327	other	sarah
user328	like_music	the mutineers
user328	has_ability	sing many songs
user328	like_activity	reading
user328	misc_attribute	happy
user329	dislike	family
user329	like_general	comics
user329	like_watching	horror
user329	like_food	junk food
user330	has_age	29
user330	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user330	like_general	going to bed late
user330	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user331	have_family	adopted
user331	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user331	other	"dont believe in love"
user331	have_family	only child
user332	dislike	career
user332	has_profession	translator
user332	job_status	unemployed
user332	want_job	author
user333	has_hobby	fishing
user333	has_hobby	working out
user333	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user334	like_activity	travel
user335	misc_attribute	persistent
user335	misc_attribute	talent
user335	has_hobby	cooking
user335	attend_school	classes
user336	like_activity	reading
user336	like_activity	beadworking
user336	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user336	have	fibromyalgia
user336	place_origin	farm
user337	has_ability	speak language
user337	like_activity	hiking
user337	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user338	like_watching	anime
user338	misc_attribute	artistic
user338	like_read	comics
user338	has_hobby	reading
user339	attend_school	high school
user339	misc_attribute	healthy
user339	member_of	other club
user339	misc_attribute	smart
user340	gender	male
user340	misc_attribute	angry
user340	have_vehicle	jaguar
user340	like_goto	bar
user341	have_pet	dog
user341	like_general	job
user341	like_activity	cycling
user341	like_goto	beeach
user342	employed_by_general	dog walker
user342	have	0 traveled.
user342	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user342	like_food	ice cream
user343	have_pet	1 dog
user343	want_job	journalist
user343	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user343	other	shoe size
user344	own	olympic medal
user344	want	medication
user344	like_food	french fries
user344	has_hobby	skydiving
user345	like_food	meat
user345	like_general	anime
user345	previous_profession	not stated
user345	has_ability	swim
user346	favorite_hobby	dancing
user346	attend_school	university
user346	have_vehicle	lexus
user346	dislike	math
user346	have_pet	dog
user347	like_food	shrimp
user347	has_hobby	gambling
user347	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user347	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user348	have_chidren	2 children
user348	like_activity	walking
user348	has_age	30
user348	marital_status	married
user348	have_pet	2 <blank>
user349	dislike	mexican food
user349	like_activity	skiing
user349	have	4 visited mexico
user349	have_family	wife
user350	like_food	pumpkins
user350	favorite_food	shrimp
user350	like_activity	watching videos
user350	have_pet	dog
user350	favorite	third-party softtware
user351	has_ability	driving
user351	member_of	hobby club
user351	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user351	like_drink	apple martinis
user352	has_ability	to move out
user352	have_family	father
user352	has_age	32
user352	has_profession	general
user353	have	bowled a 300 twice
user353	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user353	has_hobby	building furniture
user354	like_music	rock
user354	marital_status	engaged
user354	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user354	like_food	ice cream
user354	attend_school	online
user355	have_chidren	2 children
user355	have_pet	2 <blank>
user355	like_activity	walking
user355	has_age	30
user355	marital_status	married
user356	employed_by_general	diner
user356	like_activity	singing
user356	has_ability	to be late
user356	have	roommate
user357	like_food	brownies
user357	employed_by_company	military
user357	like_general	explosions
user357	like_activity	traveling
user357	like_animal	cat
user358	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user358	have_family	mother
user358	has_profession	contractor
user358	attend_school	welding
user358	<blank>	<blank>
user359	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user359	dislike	writing
user359	have_pet	cat
user359	physical_attribute	sight
user359	marital_status	married
user360	misc_attribute	unsure
user360	like_general	cardigans
user360	have_family	step dad
user360	dislike	dad
user360	have	last name is spanish
user361	like_activity	singing
user361	employed_by_general	real estate
user361	has_age	23
user361	marital_status	dating
user361	favorite	daisy
user362	other	adopted
user362	have	brown hair
user362	have	birth mother
user362	employed_by_general	a local party store
user362	favorite	christmas
user363	other	mother
user363	misc_attribute	bipolar
user363	like_food	hummus
user363	want	child
user363	has_profession	nurse
user364	has_ability	perfect pitch
user364	has_profession	writer
user364	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user364	has_ability	cook
user364	misc_attribute	intelligent
user365	favorite	apple
user365	like_general	morning
user365	like_general	winter
user365	has_ability	marathon runner
user365	like_sports	swimming
user366	have_pet	dog
user366	like_music	country
user366	like_activity	working out
user366	like_activity	bathing
user367	has_ability	baking
user367	other	birth date
user367	attend_school	law school
user368	dislike	bread
user368	misc_attribute	practical
user369	live_in_general	rural area
user369	gender	female
user369	have_chidren	children
user370	live_in_general	near celebrities
user370	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user370	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user370	has_age	19
user371	have_chidren	2 children
user371	has_profession	yoga instruction
user371	like_watching	western
user372	like_general	<blank>
user372	like_activity	walking
user372	have_pet	2 dog
user372	job_status	employed
user372	like_goto	movie theater
user373	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user373	want_do	own a restaurant
user373	has_profession	cook
user373	has_hobby	running
user374	physical_attribute	short hair
user374	has_ability	play instrument
user374	favorite_color	yellow
user375	job_status	employed
user375	want_job	doctor
user375	job_status	employed
user376	like_general	leather clothes
user376	like_general	sleeping in
user376	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user376	<blank>	<blank>
user377	like_food	hummus
user377	misc_attribute	bipolar
user377	want	child
user377	has_profession	nurse
user377	other	mother
user378	like_general	cars
user378	like_general	morning
user378	like_activity	roleplay
user379	marital_status	20 married
user379	previous_profession	veteran
user379	favorite_sport	football
user379	job_status	volunteer
user379	like_activity	traveling
user380	have_vehicle	car
user380	job_status	employed
user380	job_status	work all the time
user381	like_activity	sleeping in
user381	favorite_season	fall
user381	physical_attribute	brunette
user381	marital_status	not married
user381	like_food	healthy
user382	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user382	has_hobby	horseback riding
user382	have_family	adopted
user382	other	"dont believe in love"
user382	have_family	only child
user383	like_activity	shopping
user383	favorite_hobby	knitting
user383	have	2 tattoos
user383	have_pet	cat
user383	employed_by_general	office
user384	attend_school	university
user384	have	been in two car crashes
user384	like_activity	watching television
user384	like_sports	<blank>
user385	employed_by_general	grocery store
user386	have_pet	4 cat
user386	employed_by_general	grocery store
user386	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user386	like_music	metallica
user387	have	never done drugs
user387	dislike	pudding
user387	like_music	ke ha
user387	like_activity	living in texas
user388	have_sibling	sibling
user388	like_activity	staying up late
user388	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user388	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user389	misc_attribute	shy
user389	has_hobby	cloud watching
user389	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user389	favorite	costco
user389	has_profession	salesman
user390	like_general	place
user390	has_profession	janitor
user390	own	wear contacts
user390	misc_attribute	intelligent
user391	has_profession	veterinarian
user391	marital_status	married
user391	place_origin	spain
user391	other	vegetarian
user391	favorite_music	hip hop
user392	like_sports	archery
user392	like_activity	shopping
user392	like_activity	hunting
user392	favorite	halloween
user393	has_profession	zoologist
user393	job_status	with wife
user393	have	taught
user394	like_animal	animals
user394	want_job	singer
user394	favorite_color	green
user394	like_sports	tennis
user395	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user395	like_general	weather
user395	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user395	like_food	fast
user396	misc_attribute	responsible
user396	like_drink	alcohol
user397	has_hobby	dancing
user397	physical_attribute	red hair
user397	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user397	job_status	unemployed
user398	favorite_animal	koala
user398	dislike	beer
user398	other	lives with a roommate
user398	job_status	employed
user399	have	allergy
user399	own	iphone 7
user399	like_drink	chocolate
user400	like_activity	swimming
user400	dislike	green eggs and ham
user400	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user400	have_pet	4 dog
user400	like_activity	cooking
user401	has_ability	make videos
user401	have_vehicle	car
user401	have_pet	cat
user401	has_profession	youtuber
user402	has_hobby	dancing
user402	have_family	only child
user402	attend_school	graduate school
user403	like_general	it
user403	like_drink	beer
user403	like_activity	football
user404	job_status	employed
user404	job_status	employed
user404	has_profession	owner
user404	own	consulting firm
user404	has_ability	lucky
user405	like_general	<blank>
user405	job_status	employed
user405	have_pet	2 dog
user405	like_activity	walking
user405	like_goto	movie theater
user406	want_job	animator
user406	has_profession	graphic design
user406	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user406	like_music	classical
user406	has_profession	designer
user407	has_hobby	drawing
user407	like_general	comics
user407	misc_attribute	creative
user407	want_do	give up
user408	marital_status	single
user408	has_hobby	cycling
user408	has_profession	waiter
user409	favorite_color	black
user409	has_ability	writing a novel
user409	dislike	pickle
user410	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user410	has_hobby	cloud watching
user410	misc_attribute	shy
user410	has_profession	salesman
user411	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user411	misc_attribute	lonely
user411	like_animal	lizard
user411	school_status	student
user412	like_music	guitar
user412	like_music	<blank>
user412	like_activity	skateboarding
user412	other	vegan
user413	other	am bisexual
user413	want	help
user413	misc_attribute	depressed
user413	have_family	parents
user414	teach	first grade
user414	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user414	has_hobby	shopping
user414	like_drink	iced tea
user414	marital_status	married
user415	dislike	caffeine
user415	like_activity	guitar
user415	like_music	the rolling stones
user415	job_status	employed
user416	favorite_color	green
user416	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user416	other	name is gerald
user416	like_sports	basketball
user417	nationality	british
user417	like_general	blue
user417	have_pet	5 cat
user418	has_hobby	gambling
user418	have	money
user418	like_activity	playing the lottery
user418	previous_profession	telemarketer
user418	dislike	punching clocks
user419	like_activity	praying
user419	like_activity	working out
user419	like_general	people
user419	like_general	building apps
user420	like_food	meat
user420	like_general	anime
user420	previous_profession	not stated
user420	has_ability	swim
user421	have_vehicle	sports car
user421	like_general	purple
user421	like_general	cher
user421	have	no money
user422	own	2 snakes
user422	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user422	has_hobby	collect autographs
user422	like_food	organic
user422	like_read	comics
user423	like_general	my job
user423	like_animal	all animals
user423	other	vegan
user423	previous_profession	actress
user423	favorite_music	country
user424	like_activity	video games
user424	have_pet	2 cat
user424	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user424	like_general	exclamation marks
user424	misc_attribute	family attention
user425	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user425	has_hobby	running
user425	has_profession	cook
user425	job_status	seeking employment
user426	want	i did not have to work
user426	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user426	want_do	make more money
user426	has_hobby	writing
user426	like_general	pens
user427	marital_status	married
user427	gender	female
user427	like_animal	cat
user427	have_chidren	5 children
user428	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user428	favorite	donna karen clothes
user428	has_hobby	singing
user428	has_profession	teacher
user429	like_activity	recycling
user429	have_vehicle	van
user429	have	2 tattoos
user429	physical_attribute	red hair
user429	other	hippie
user430	like_activity	hanging out
user430	want_job	entrepreneur
user430	like_sports	fan
user430	like_activity	politics
user431	has_age	19
user431	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user431	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user431	live_in_general	near celebrities
user432	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user432	employed_by_general	university
user432	has_ability	play instrument
user432	like_goto	farmers market
user432	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user433	has_profession	teacher
user433	has_hobby	yoga
user433	like_drink	coffee
user433	like_food	chocolate
user434	like_general	children
user434	has_degree	education
user434	has_age	22
user434	job_status	employed
user434	job_status	employed
user435	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user435	like_music	classic rock
user435	has_hobby	watching television
user435	like_food	vegetarian
user436	school_status	2016 graduated
user436	teach	kindergarten
user436	has_profession	teacher
user437	have_sibling	brother
user437	own	car
user437	like_general	food trucks
user438	like_general	the nighttime
user438	own	2 hoop earrings
user438	have_pet	named charlie
user439	want_do	propose
user439	has_degree	graduate
user439	has_profession	coach
user440	has_hobby	fishing
user440	has_ability	play instrument
user440	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user440	has_hobby	working out
user441	favorite_food	salad
user441	marital_status	single
user441	has_profession	teacher
user441	like_goto	nature
user442	want_do	<blank>
user442	like_read	thriller
user442	like_watching	sitcoms
user442	like_activity	talking
user442	have_vehicle	honda
user443	has_ability	play instrument
user443	want_do	have kids
user443	dislike	singing
user443	like_food	chocolate
user443	place_origin	georgia
user444	like_watching	game of thrones
user444	like_animal	rabbit
user444	place_origin	alabama
user444	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user445	like_activity	fishing
user445	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user445	has_hobby	hiking
user445	has_profession	personal trainer
user446	physical_attribute	short hair
user446	has_ability	play instrument
user446	member_of	community center
user446	other	allergies
user446	like_watching	horror
user447	have_pet	cat
user447	have_pet	2 cat
user447	like_food	tuna
user447	has_profession	librarian
user447	like_activity	reading
user448	<blank>	<blank>
user448	like_general	boots
user448	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user448	like_general	leather clothes
user448	like_general	sleeping in
user449	has_profession	truck driver
user449	has_age	43
user449	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user449	has_hobby	traveling
user450	has_hobby	working out
user450	physical_attribute	buff
user450	has_hobby	weight lifting
user450	has_profession	athlete
user450	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user451	like_general	horses
user451	have	seashells
user451	has_profession	yoga instruction
user451	have_pet	2 dog
user451	have_chidren	1 son
user452	like_food	vegetarian
user452	like_music	classic rock
user452	attend_school	local college
user452	has_hobby	watching television
user452	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user453	favorite_book	jane austen
user453	like_food	fish
user453	have_vehicle	boat
user453	like_general	shoes
user454	like_general	jokes
user454	misc_attribute	punctual
user454	has_hobby	volunteer
user454	employed_by_general	factory
user455	have	friends
user455	physical_attribute	athletic
user455	school_status	student
user455	want	responsible
user455	misc_attribute	distrustful
user456	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user456	like_music	classical
user456	other	had cancer
user456	other	dieting
user456	want	to become male model
user457	want	vacation
user457	misc_attribute	slow
user457	job_status	employed
user457	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user457	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user458	has_profession	hairdresser
user458	live_in_general	boat
user458	own	salon
user458	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user458	marital_status	married
user459	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user459	like_activity	shopping
user459	has_hobby	cheerleading
user459	have_chidren	children
user460	has_profession	manager
user460	dislike	boss
user460	misc_attribute	lose control
user460	like_music	bob marley
user461	job_status	retired
user461	other	8 grandchildren
user461	physical_attribute	attractive
user461	has_hobby	working out
user462	has_ability	play instrument
user462	other	name is kevin
user462	like_activity	working out
user462	school_status	student
user462	want_job	software engineer
user463	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user463	have	nickname
user463	like_activity	singing
user464	like_activity	running
user464	favorite_food	steak
user464	favorite_place	new york
user464	marital_status	divorced
user465	live_in_general	a home
user465	like_activity	watching television
user465	like_music	death metal
user466	misc_attribute	quick
user466	like_general	food trucks
user466	own	car
user466	have_sibling	brother
user467	like_general	lumberjacking
user467	own	large ax
user467	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user467	has_hobby	fishing
user467	like_food	pancakes
user468	live_in_general	rural area
user468	gender	female
user468	have_chidren	children
user469	like_goto	cinema
user469	own	cape
user470	have	1 new house
user470	has_ability	brewing
user470	like_activity	making coffee
user470	other	gay
user471	other	was accepted to participate
user471	has_ability	unclear
user471	like_activity	singing
user471	has_hobby	singing
user472	physical_attribute	buff
user472	physical_attribute	tall
user472	dislike	vegetables
user472	like_activity	running
user473	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user473	have	started a fire
user473	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user473	own	an edged weapon
user474	have_pet	10 cat
user474	like_food	blue jello
user474	dislike	asparagus
user474	physical_attribute	long red hair
user474	job_status	employed
user475	misc_attribute	am happy
user475	dislike	fashion
user475	has_profession	waitress
user475	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user476	like_activity	going to bars
user476	like_activity	working out
user476	like_activity	dating women
user476	like_activity	cooking
user477	has_profession	yoga instruction
user477	have_chidren	2 children
user477	like_watching	western
user478	want_job	curator
user478	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user478	have	been to new york city
user478	has_hobby	painting
user479	like_activity	painting
user479	previous_profession	nurse
user479	like_activity	baking
user479	like_activity	wrestling
user480	live_in_general	small city
user480	has_hobby	gardening
user480	have_chidren	children
user480	have_pet	cat
user480	like_activity	cooking
user481	has_degree	masters
user481	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user481	marital_status	married
user481	own	my home
user482	employed_by_general	retailer
user482	like_activity	rock climbing
user482	like_movie	django unchained
user482	own	honda civic
user482	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user483	has_ability	cheap
user483	dislike	work
user483	attend_school	high school
user483	have_chidren	1 child
user483	own	company
user484	has_hobby	working out
user484	physical_attribute	buff
user484	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user484	has_profession	athlete
user484	has_hobby	weight lifting
user485	has_ability	play instrument
user485	has_profession	musician
user485	have	friend
user485	want_do	home
user486	have_sibling	2 brother
user486	like_activity	sleeping in
user486	other	vegan
user486	employed_by_general	laboratory
user486	misc_attribute	romantic
user487	other	premature
user487	have_sibling	1 sister
user487	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user488	like_general	remodelling homes
user488	like_activity	shopping
user488	like_activity	hunting
user488	like_sports	archery
user488	favorite	halloween
user489	like_animal	cat
user489	job_status	employed
user489	like_general	car
user489	like_activity	travel
user489	favorite_color	green
user490	has_profession	electrician
user490	dislike	winter
user490	like_food	hamburgers
user491	like_food	tuna fish
user491	favorite_music	rock opera
user491	like_food	gummy worms
user491	like_read	science fiction
user491	physical_attribute	brunette
user492	dislike	popcorn
user492	employed_by_general	movie theater
user492	like_food	nachos
user493	dislike	school life
user493	other	am worried about money
user493	have	friend
user493	want_do	move out
user494	favorite_book	the bible
user494	has_hobby	traveling
user494	gender	male
user494	marital_status	married
user495	like_activity	game halo
user495	favorite_color	yellow
user495	employed_by_general	magazine
user495	like_activity	working out
user496	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user496	misc_attribute	shy
user496	like_food	vegetables
user496	have	trouble connecting with family
user496	physical_attribute	allergic
user497	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user497	have	started a fire
user497	own	an edged weapon
user497	has_ability	speak language
user497	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user498	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user498	has_hobby	horseback riding
user498	have_chidren	mother
user498	have_chidren	children
user499	have	girlfriend
user499	physical_attribute	pink hair
user499	live_in_general	city
user499	employed_by_general	bookstore
user500	want_job	restauranteur
user500	has_hobby	movies
user500	has_profession	chef
user500	favorite_color	hunter green
user501	have_pet	2 dog
user501	like_activity	reading
user501	other	wrote a book
user501	misc_attribute	religious
user501	marital_status	single
user502	have_pet	dog
user502	marital_status	married
user502	has_hobby	fishing
user502	like_music	charlie daniels
user502	place_origin	tennessee
user503	like_activity	scuba diving
user503	have_chidren	3 daughter
user503	has_profession	police
user503	place_origin	kansas
user503	like_sports	horseback riding
user504	like_activity	video games
user504	misc_attribute	family attention
user504	have_pet	2 cat
user504	like_general	exclamation marks
user505	misc_attribute	argumentative
user505	physical_attribute	hears voices
user505	like_food	cakes
user505	misc_attribute	lust
user505	has_hobby	collecting
user506	has_hobby	volunteer
user506	marital_status	married
user506	has_profession	teacher
user506	has_hobby	yoga
user507	like_general	nature
user507	like_general	blue
user507	like_general	eating out
user507	job_status	employed
user508	like_watching	foreign
user508	dislike	eating out
user508	dislike	social obligations
user508	like_sports	running
user509	gender	male
user509	misc_attribute	careful
user509	misc_attribute	unsociable
user509	other	jack of all trades
user509	like_food	sweets
user510	favorite_food	steak
user510	like_activity	travel alone
user510	dislike	sleeping
user510	misc_attribute	smart
user510	have	0 parents
user511	like_sports	football
user511	attend_school	alabama university
user511	have	girlfriend
user511	dislike	alcohol
user512	like_food	meatloaf
user512	have_vehicle	car
user512	have_pet	dog
user512	like_music	0 toto
user513	want_job	aide
user513	like_drink	coffee
user513	job_status	employed
user513	like_music	pink
user514	like_food	chocolate
user514	has_hobby	yoga
user514	like_drink	coffee
user514	have_sibling	twin sister
user514	has_profession	teacher
user515	like_music	80 s music
user515	has_profession	wedding planner
user515	want_job	architect
user515	favorite_color	yellow
user516	have	"drivers license"
user516	have_family	father
user516	like_activity	fashion
user516	want	to visit rome
user517	like_activity	driving
user517	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user517	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user517	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user518	has_degree	graduate
user518	has_profession	coach
user519	has_ability	visiting
user519	employed_by_general	grocery store
user520	has_hobby	walking
user520	like_animal	animals
user520	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user520	other	vegan
user521	has_ability	play instrument
user521	have	blood sugar problems
user521	have_pet	3 dog
user521	dislike	working out
user521	have_vehicle	bicycle
user522	have_family	mother
user522	has_profession	paramedic
user522	like_activity	fishing
user522	like_music	rap
user523	like_activity	singing
user523	has_ability	swim fast
user523	like_activity	running
user523	own	trophies
user523	favorite_activity	cooking
user524	other	profession
user524	have_sibling	3 sibling
user524	like_food	1 sugar
user524	have_vehicle	mercedes
user525	has_ability	meditate
user525	other	vegan
user525	has_profession	marketing
user525	have	an online business
user526	has_hobby	yoga
user526	like_activity	shopping
user526	job_status	employed
user526	like_goto	pool
user526	have	"dont have children"
user527	favorite	toyota cars
user527	dislike	overtime
user527	like_general	vote
user527	want	truck
user528	misc_attribute	shy
user528	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user528	own	wear glasses
user528	marital_status	divorced
user528	have_chidren	0 children
user529	has_ability	fall up stairs
user529	like_food	french fries
user529	employed_by_company	del taco
user530	have_sibling	4 sibling
user530	job_status	employed
user530	dislike	left turns
user530	have_vehicle	honda
user530	school_status	failing
user531	has_ability	1 dancing
user531	have	support of my whole family
user531	has_hobby	ballet
user531	want	retire
user532	misc_attribute	active
user532	like_general	vinyl records
user532	have_vehicle	junk
user532	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user532	want_do	fix
user533	like_activity	video games
user533	like_music	rock
user533	other	diabetic
user533	job_status	unemployed
user534	misc_attribute	smart
user534	want	money
user534	have_pet	dog
user535	want	to go to another school
user535	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user535	like_general	my image
user535	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user535	want	mom was healthier
user536	other	vegan
user536	has_hobby	yoga
user536	has_ability	meditate
user536	have	an online business
user536	has_profession	marketing
user537	like_activity	laughing
user537	like_general	shoes
user537	like_activity	baking
user538	dislike	clowns
user538	have	2 roommate
user538	like_activity	cooking
user538	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user538	have_pet	2 dog
user539	like_activity	singing
user539	has_hobby	hunting
user539	have_chidren	children
user539	like_sports	basketball
user539	marital_status	not married
user540	like_animal	animals
user540	employed_by_general	theater
user540	like_read	history
user540	marital_status	engaged
user541	has_hobby	painting
user541	have	won lottery
user541	has_hobby	painting
user541	has_ability	lie
user542	other	am worried about money
user542	want_do	move out
user542	have	friend
user542	dislike	school life
user543	has_profession	teacher
user543	has_hobby	kayaking
user543	school_status	2016 graduated
user543	teach	kindergarten
user544	like_food	chinese
user544	has_profession	make robots
user544	like_general	going to bed late
user544	marital_status	single
user545	like_general	blue
user545	like_general	reduit
user545	has_profession	salesman
user545	like_activity	cycling
user546	job_status	seeking employment
user546	want_do	own a restaurant
user546	has_profession	cook
user546	has_hobby	running
user546	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user547	job_status	employed
user547	like_activity	reading
user547	like_general	comics
user547	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user547	have_pet	cat
user548	marital_status	married
user548	like_general	deployment
user548	want_job	army
user548	employed_by_company	army rangers
user548	misc_attribute	unafraid
user549	has_hobby	football
user549	member_of	sports team
user549	like_goto	league
user549	misc_attribute	determined
user549	has_hobby	football
user550	physical_attribute	short
user550	other	beard
user550	have_family	8 brother
user551	like_general	food trucks
user551	physical_attribute	not a blond
user551	misc_attribute	quick
user551	have_sibling	brother
user552	have_pet	1 cat
user552	physical_attribute	overweight
user552	physical_attribute	short
user552	physical_attribute	brunette
user552	like_activity	sewing
user553	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user553	like_movie	django unchained
user553	like_activity	rock climbing
user553	employed_by_general	retailer
user554	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user554	own	my home
user554	marital_status	married
user554	has_degree	masters
user555	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user555	other	democrat
user555	misc_attribute	confident
user556	other	mother
user556	has_profession	nurse
user556	like_food	hummus
user556	misc_attribute	bipolar
user556	want	child
user557	like_music	bruno mars
user557	like_food	sweets
user557	like_activity	sleeping
user557	attend_school	high school
user558	like_music	religious
user558	has_age	middle aged
user558	like_general	family
user558	like_sports	basketball
user559	has_profession	design video games
user559	dislike	broccoli
user559	dislike	afraid of the dark
user560	like_music	the beatles
user560	physical_attribute	tall
user560	has_profession	scientist
user561	other	parents in the military
user561	dislike	spiders
user561	has_profession	pilot
user561	have_pet	2 dog
user562	has_ability	6 tv news
user562	like_activity	reenactment
user562	has_ability	film making
user563	has_profession	veterinarian
user563	other	vegetarian
user563	favorite_music	hip hop
user563	place_origin	spain
user563	marital_status	married
user564	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user564	has_profession	public relations
user564	other	buddhist
user564	place_origin	seattle
user564	other	vegan
user565	other	youngest
user565	have_sibling	2 brother
user565	like_activity	photography
user565	school_status	student
user566	has_profession	veterinarian
user566	like_sports	cycling
user566	other	vegan
user566	has_age	30
user566	have_pet	3 dog
user567	employed_by_general	restaurant
user567	school_status	student
user567	like_goto	beach
user567	like_activity	partying
user568	has_ability	play instrument
user568	has_hobby	swimming
user568	like_general	blue
user568	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user568	like_goto	concerts
user569	like_activity	talking on the phone
user569	like_activity	gambling
user569	like_food	vegetables
user569	has_ability	1 speak language
user569	like_activity	hiking
user570	dislike	heights
user570	want	mermaid
user570	like_drink	iced tea
user571	other	bad genetics
user571	have_pet	dog
user571	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user571	like_drink	coffee
user571	physical_attribute	short
user572	have_chidren	child
user572	dislike	running
user572	has_ability	running
user573	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user573	like_activity	reading
user573	place_origin	farm
user573	like_activity	beadworking
user574	have_sibling	sister
user574	has_profession	babysitter
user574	like_food	1 sugar
user574	have_vehicle	mercedes
user574	marital_status	engaged
user575	like_general	people
user575	like_activity	rock climbing
user575	misc_attribute	angry
user575	other	mother 2 daughters
user576	like_watching	surgery
user576	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user576	like_activity	traveling
user576	like_music	britney spears
user576	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user577	own	olympic medal
user577	want	medication
user577	like_food	french fries
user577	has_hobby	skydiving
user577	like_music	queens of the stone age
user578	physical_attribute	overweight
user578	like_activity	eating
user578	want	attractive
user578	physical_attribute	attractive
user579	have_pet	dog
user579	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user579	like_read	books
user580	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user580	like_activity	video games
user580	employed_by_general	marketing
user580	dislike	alcohol
user581	have_pet	2 dog
user581	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user581	like_animal	dog
user581	have_pet	2 dog
user582	own	clothing
user582	want	eats too much fries
user583	have_pet	23 cat
user583	other	vegan
user583	dislike	fish
user583	has_hobby	traveling
user583	like_activity	painting
user584	favorite_color	green
user584	like_general	car
user584	job_status	employed
user584	like_activity	travel
user584	like_animal	cat
user585	have	green nails
user585	has_degree	masters
user585	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user586	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user586	have_pet	4 dog
user586	own	personal religion
user586	other	believe in ghosts
user587	have	nickname
user587	job_status	employed
user587	like_watching	anime
user587	like_general	bartolo colon
user588	physical_attribute	short
user588	have_sibling	4 sibling
user589	has_profession	pilot
user589	have_sibling	twin sister
user589	marital_status	married
user589	favorite_food	fried chicken
user590	has_age	7
user590	school_status	rejected
user590	like_sports	soccer
user591	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user591	like_general	my image
user591	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user591	want	mom was healthier
user591	want	to go to another school
user592	like_activity	surfing
user592	has_ability	earn passive income
user592	marital_status	single
user592	have	bizarre dreams
user592	like_music	muggers
user593	have_chidren	3 daughter
user593	place_origin	kansas
user593	like_activity	scuba diving
user593	like_sports	horseback riding
user594	like_activity	reading
user594	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user595	like_activity	traveling
user595	physical_attribute	brunette
user595	favorite_music	country
user595	like_food	snack
user596	like_sports	horseback riding
user596	have_chidren	3 daughter
user596	like_activity	scuba diving
user596	place_origin	kansas
user597	has_profession	waiter
user597	has_hobby	cycling
user597	marital_status	single
user598	place_origin	georgia
user598	has_ability	play instrument
user598	like_food	chocolate
user598	want_do	have kids
user599	want	be an animal
user599	other	am curious about space
user599	dislike	regular life
user599	have_family	<blank>
user600	dislike	rejection from parents
user600	other	sexual identity
user600	misc_attribute	insecure
user600	misc_attribute	confused
user601	want_do	raise hell
user601	school_status	student
user601	attend_school	university
user601	has_age	17
user602	other	allergic to cats
user602	have_chidren	son
user602	like_activity	manicures
user603	want_job	employment
user603	other	colour blind
user603	have_chidren	2 children
user603	favorite_music_artist	rush
user604	misc_attribute	always early
user604	attend_school	none
user604	school_status	graduate student
user604	school_status	student
user605	misc_attribute	shy
user605	marital_status	divorced
user605	own	wear glasses
user605	have_chidren	0 children
user606	like_general	blue
user606	like_activity	hunting
user606	dislike	seafood
user606	place_origin	deep south
user607	has_hobby	traveling
user607	has_ability	3 speak language
user607	other	traveling to japan
user607	has_profession	programmer
user608	favorite_food	pasta
user608	job_status	retired
user608	like_activity	helping
user608	gender	female
user609	have_pet	2 dog
user609	like_activity	walking
user609	job_status	employed
user609	like_goto	movie theater
user609	like_general	<blank>
user610	have_pet	3 dog
user610	dislike	sweet potatoes
user610	has_ability	run marathons
user610	has_profession	athlete
user610	like_music	all american rejecs
user611	attend_school	university
user611	other	youngest
user611	has_hobby	tennis
user611	like_read	mystery
user611	attend_school	graduate school
user612	has_profession	accountant
user612	have_pet	dog
user612	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user613	employed_by_general	<blank>
user613	like_general	the story
user613	other	wiccan
user613	misc_attribute	disbelief
user614	have_chidren	2 children
user614	job_status	employed
user614	physical_attribute	brunette
user614	dislike	cleaning
user615	attend_school	university
user615	live_in_general	mansion
user615	other	make 35 million a year
user615	has_profession	basketball player
user615	member_of	sports team
user616	favorite_color	orange
user616	like_food	gummy bears
user616	have_pet	parakeet
user616	have	3 roommate
user616	other	lactose intolerant
user617	have_pet	2 dog
user617	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user617	favorite_drink	red wine
user617	like_activity	gardening
user618	favorite_food	jello
user618	like_activity	card game
user618	have_pet	4 pet
user618	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user619	have_pet	dog
user619	has_profession	accountant
user619	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user620	dislike	sleeping
user620	misc_attribute	smart
user620	favorite_food	steak
user620	have	0 parents
user621	like_general	exclamation marks
user621	misc_attribute	family attention
user621	like_activity	video games
user621	have_pet	2 cat
user621	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user622	has_ability	cook
user622	other	soccer mom
user622	employed_by_general	online company
user622	teach	cheerleading
user622	like_general	family time
user623	have	obsession with dog
user623	has_hobby	cooking
user623	like_goto	beach
user623	school_status	graduate student
user624	have	condo
user624	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user624	like_general	blue
user624	has_profession	salesman
user624	like_activity	cycling
user625	want_do	traveling
user625	have_pet	cat
user625	like_activity	cooking
user626	misc_attribute	aloof
user626	have	therapist
user626	dislike	waking up
user627	like_general	politics
user627	employed_by_general	candy store
user627	like_activity	running
user627	marital_status	married
user627	has_hobby	football
user628	<blank>	<blank>
user628	have	red purse
user628	like_general	red shoes
user628	own	red lipstick
user628	have_vehicle	car
user629	have	friends
user629	marital_status	single
user629	other	debt
user629	own	bmw
user630	has_hobby	hiking
user630	has_profession	personal trainer
user630	other	dave
user630	like_activity	fishing
user630	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user631	have	2 tattoos
user631	physical_attribute	red hair
user631	have_vehicle	van
user631	like_activity	recycling
user631	other	hippie
user632	employed_by_general	warehouse
user632	physical_attribute	buff
user632	has_hobby	video games
user633	has_hobby	tabletop games
user633	like_activity	rpg computer games
user633	have	crush
user633	own	inhaler
user633	live_in_general	a home
user634	job_status	work all the time
user634	job_status	employed
user634	have_vehicle	car
user635	like_food	meat
user635	have_family	father
user635	like_music	rap
user635	has_hobby	weed
user635	employed_by_general	it
user636	like_activity	skin care
user636	misc_attribute	ambitious
user636	like_general	dress up
user636	dislike	cooking
user636	employed_by_general	grocery store
user637	like_activity	video games
user637	employed_by_general	marketing
user637	like_read	books
user637	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user637	like_drink	liquor
user638	like_activity	hiking
user638	like_general	natural world beauty
user638	like_animal	all animals
user638	like_read	fantasy
user639	job_status	seeking employment
user639	has_ability	3 speak language
user639	have_chidren	2 children
user640	have_family	only child
user640	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user640	other	"dont believe in love"
user641	has_hobby	photography
user641	like_activity	baking
user641	has_profession	chef
user641	<blank>	<blank>
user641	like_activity	traveling
user642	like_activity	model building
user642	favorite_food	italian
user642	like_watching	netflix
user642	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user643	own	bike
user643	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user643	favorite	holiday is halloween
user643	like_drink	milk shakes
user644	has_profession	car sales
user644	favorite_drink	beer coors
user644	have_vehicle	acura
user645	have_sibling	8 children
user645	want	love
user645	have	friends
user645	has_profession	retailer
user646	dislike	bread
user646	misc_attribute	practical
user647	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user647	other	allergic to bees
user647	employed_by_general	hospital
user647	have_sibling	sibling
user647	physical_attribute	pink hair
user648	favorite_book	tale of genji
user648	job_status	employed
user648	physical_attribute	purple hair
user649	has_profession	truck driver
user649	has_ability	driving
user649	place_origin	virginia
user650	other	adopted
user650	have_family	mother
user650	dislike	future
user651	like_general	remodelling homes
user651	like_activity	shopping
user651	like_activity	hunting
user651	favorite	halloween
user651	like_sports	archery
user652	<blank>	<blank>
user652	have_chidren	5 children
user652	like_activity	drawing
user652	<blank>	<blank>
user652	like_music	all genres
user653	place_origin	london
user653	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user653	job_status	employed
user653	like_activity	painting
user653	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user654	marital_status	married
user654	like_general	blue
user654	job_status	employed
user654	like_goto	beach
user655	like_food	carrots
user655	like_activity	cycling
user655	own	wear contacts
user655	physical_attribute	athletic
user655	physical_attribute	brunette
user656	want	truck
user656	like_general	vote
user656	dislike	overtime
user656	employed_by_general	hospital
user656	favorite	toyota cars
user657	live_in_general	a home
user657	like_music	death metal
user657	like_activity	watching television
user657	attend_school	university
user658	other	am a student
user658	want_job	musician
user659	have	taught
user659	has_profession	zoologist
user659	job_status	with wife
user660	employed_by_company	del taco
user660	has_ability	fall up stairs
user660	favorite_music_artist	up
user660	like_food	french fries
user661	dislike	cleaning
user661	have_chidren	2 children
user661	physical_attribute	brunette
user661	job_status	employed
user662	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user662	misc_attribute	shy
user662	own	wear glasses
user662	have_chidren	0 children
user663	has_ability	donor
user663	has_hobby	jogging
user663	has_profession	waiter
user663	have	boyfriend
user664	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user664	other	democrat
user664	like_food	fish
user665	school_status	will study computer science
user665	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user665	other	vegetarian
user665	like_activity	video games
user666	has_profession	advertising executive
user666	like_activity	hiking
user666	have_pet	dog
user666	has_hobby	writing
user667	like_food	fruit
user667	like_music	gary numan
user667	like_general	apple products
user667	like_animal	dragon
user667	like_activity	snorkeling
user668	school_status	student
user668	employed_by_company	computer company
user668	like_animal	fish
user668	have_chidren	5 children
user669	has_profession	writer
user669	favorite_music	metal
user669	like_activity	working out
user669	marital_status	engaged
user670	dislike	my reputation
user670	misc_attribute	critic
user670	misc_attribute	regretful
user671	like_food	candy
user671	have	crush
user671	have	t-shirt and jeans
user671	has_hobby	skateboarding
user672	has_profession	cartographer
user672	like_activity	painting
user672	previous_profession	nurse
user672	like_activity	baking
user673	has_age	77
user673	favorite_activity	gardening
user673	other	am a widow
user674	misc_attribute	afraid
user674	like_read	<blank>
user674	have_family	uncle
user674	like_activity	clean
user674	live_in_general	sister
user675	has_age	15
user675	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user675	other	braces
user676	<blank>	<blank>
user676	has_profession	author
user676	like_activity	writing
user676	like_food	green tea
user677	attend_school	graduate school
user677	has_hobby	cooking
user677	like_food	sushi
user677	school_status	student
user678	like_sports	archery
user678	like_general	remodelling homes
user678	like_activity	shopping
user678	like_activity	hunting
user679	has_profession	teacher
user679	has_hobby	yoga
user679	have_sibling	twin sister
user679	like_food	chocolate
user680	have_vehicle	car
user680	like_food	meatloaf
user680	like_music	0 toto
user680	have_pet	dog
user681	like_activity	singing
user681	school_status	student
user681	has_profession	coffee shop
user681	have_pet	cat
user682	have_family	0 husband
user682	like_activity	story telling
user682	have_chidren	2 daughter
user682	want_job	writer
user682	teach	english literature
user683	job_status	employed
user683	misc_attribute	literal
user683	dislike	small talk
user683	misc_attribute	smart
user683	misc_attribute	aspergers
user684	like_watching	youtube
user684	favorite_animal	dolphins
user685	has_age	53
user685	has_profession	fitness guru
user685	misc_attribute	religious
user685	has_profession	salesman
user685	misc_attribute	carefree
user686	own	clothing
user686	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user687	school_status	student
user687	other	vegan
user687	like_activity	drawing
user687	favorite_food	taco
user688	has_profession	factory worker
user688	job_status	employed
user688	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user688	marital_status	married
user689	favorite_book	the bible
user689	marital_status	married
user689	misc_attribute	1 religious
user689	has_hobby	traveling
user689	gender	male
user690	have_family	parents
user690	misc_attribute	sad
user690	have	a house
user690	has_profession	artist
user691	like_activity	watch
user691	school_status	student this summer at police academy
user691	has_hobby	weight lifting
user691	own	bowie knife
user692	employed_by_company	monsanto
user692	like_activity	swimming
user692	like_activity	shopping
user692	other	mother
user692	like_read	fantasy
user693	have_family	only child
user693	like_activity	dancing
user693	have_pet	3 cat
user693	physical_attribute	blonde
user694	has_profession	engineer
user694	employed_by_company	google
user694	employed_by_company	google
user694	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user694	like_food	lobster
user695	live_in_general	near the ocean
user695	favorite_book	jane austen
user695	like_food	fish
user695	have_vehicle	boat
user696	like_read	1984
user696	attend_school	university
user696	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user696	like_read	books
user697	has_profession	receptionist
user697	like_read	crime
user697	favorite_place	disney world
user697	like_general	brothers
user698	favorite_music	country
user698	other	vegetarian
user698	like_general	internet
user698	job_status	employed
user698	like_activity	baking
user699	other	care about way i look
user699	has_hobby	check reflection
user699	misc_attribute	suspicious
user699	like_general	self
user700	has_hobby	working out
user700	like_activity	flying kites
user700	own	car
user700	like_watching	sport
user701	physical_attribute	short
user701	like_drink	coffee
user701	have_pet	dog
user701	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user701	other	gene to detect asparagus
user702	favorite_color	red
user702	want_do	travel
user702	like_general	place
user702	have_pet	2 dog
user702	other	wild child
user703	want	educated
user703	have	something purple
user703	favorite	mileena
user703	employed_by_general	fast food
user704	have_vehicle	car
user704	has_age	18
user704	school_status	graduated
user704	want_do	major in business
user704	have	scholarship
user705	has_age	10
user705	have	friends
user705	like_animal	dogs and cats
user705	live_in_general	house
user706	attend_school	graduate school
user706	other	youngest
user706	like_read	mystery
user706	has_hobby	tennis
user707	has_profession	salesman
user707	has_age	53
user707	has_profession	fitness guru
user707	misc_attribute	carefree
user708	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user708	like_drink	liquor
user708	employed_by_general	marketing
user708	like_read	books
user709	misc_attribute	practical
user710	have_sibling	brother
user710	school_status	student
user710	place_origin	france
user710	like_sports	soccer
user710	want_do	soccer
user711	like_general	<blank>
user711	job_status	employed
user711	have_pet	2 dog
user711	like_activity	walking
user712	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user712	own	cds
user712	has_ability	play instrument
user712	like_general	furniture
user713	other	vegan
user713	like_activity	sleeping in
user713	misc_attribute	romantic
user713	have_sibling	2 brother
user713	employed_by_general	laboratory
user714	have_family	<blank>
user714	like_music	classical
user714	dislike	regular life
user714	want	be an animal
user714	other	am curious about space
user715	like_drink	coke
user715	has_hobby	shopping
user715	employed_by_general	retailer
user715	have_vehicle	ford
user715	like_general	katy perry
user716	want	mermaid
user716	have_sibling	4 sibling
user716	like_drink	iced tea
user717	want_job	army
user717	misc_attribute	brave
user717	employed_by_company	army rangers
user717	marital_status	married
user717	like_general	deployment
user718	live_in_general	a home
user718	attend_school	university
user718	like_music	death metal
user719	like_food	kale
user719	like_general	adam levine
user719	want	more iron in my diet
user719	have_pet	2 cat
user719	have_family	2 children
user720	like_activity	watching
user720	like_animal	animals
user720	dislike	watching television
user720	like_activity	working out
user720	like_activity	walking
user721	like_sports	soccer
user721	have_sibling	3 brother
user721	place_origin	<blank>
user721	like_activity	investing
user722	has_ability	visiting
user722	employed_by_general	grocery store
user723	has_ability	1 dancing
user723	like_activity	ballet
user723	have	support of my whole family
user723	want	retire
user724	employed_by_general	large company
user724	have_vehicle	car
user724	want	win lottery
user724	like_food	all
user724	like_music	rock
user725	like_activity	baking
user725	place_origin	texas
user725	like_activity	horseback riding
user726	gender	female
user726	like_food	sushi
user726	like_general	blue
user726	own	car
user727	like_music	charlie daniels
user727	place_origin	tennessee
user727	has_hobby	fishing
user727	marital_status	married
user727	have_pet	dog
user728	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user728	like_watching	surgery
user728	like_activity	traveling
user728	like_music	britney spears
user728	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user729	favorite	math
user729	attend_school	high school
user729	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user729	has_hobby	ice hockey
user729	gender	male
user730	has_hobby	cooking
user730	like_general	blue
user730	like_activity	running
user730	physical_attribute	blonde
user731	like_food	pancakes
user731	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user731	own	large ax
user731	like_general	lumberjacking
user732	have	brown belt
user732	have_family	grandmother
user732	has_hobby	singing
user733	has_profession	design video games
user733	job_status	unemployed
user734	<blank>	<blank>
user734	favorite_color	green
user734	has_hobby	tennis
user734	like_watching	comedy
user735	favorite_animal	monkey
user735	want_do	<blank>
user735	like_food	honey
user735	has_ability	throwing parties
user736	like_goto	dates
user736	school_status	student
user736	like_goto	museum
user736	other	vegan
user737	attend_school	princeton
user737	like_watching	the voice
user737	like_music	<blank>
user737	favorite_activity	museums
user737	like_goto	places
user738	like_read	twilight
user738	have	6 toes
user738	have	glasses
user738	attend_school	elementary
user739	like_activity	riding
user739	have	homes
user739	other	eat less meat than usual
user739	like_activity	horseback riding
user740	other	sexual identity
user740	misc_attribute	out of touch
user740	gender	different
user740	dislike	rejection from parents
user741	like_general	cars
user741	like_activity	horseback riding
user741	have	homes
user741	like_activity	riding
user741	other	eat less meat than usual
user742	like_activity	sewing
user742	employed_by_general	cafe
user742	have_pet	cat
user743	dislike	running
user743	have_chidren	child
user743	favorite_color	orange
user743	have_pet	2 cat
user743	like_watching	sport
user744	employed_by_general	newspaper
user744	like_activity	writing
user744	like_activity	yoga
user744	marital_status	single
user745	favorite_drink	chocolate
user745	like_sports	swimming
user745	physical_attribute	bald
user745	job_status	unemployed
user745	dislike	0 taco
user746	has_age	30
user746	has_degree	marketing
user746	job_status	employed
user746	physical_attribute	colorblind
user747	have	friend
user747	have_chidren	3 children
user747	own	honda civic
user747	like_activity	walking
user748	misc_attribute	persistent
user748	has_hobby	cooking
user748	attend_school	classes
user748	like_activity	cooking
user748	misc_attribute	talent
user749	has_ability	play instrument
user749	dislike	working out
user749	have	blood sugar problems
user749	have_pet	3 dog
user750	want_job	teacher
user750	attend_school	university
user750	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user751	own	universe
user751	has_profession	dental assistant
user751	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user751	like_activity	clubbing
user752	like_goto	cafe
user752	like_goto	nail salon
user752	has_profession	receptionist
user752	like_watching	we wrestling
user753	have_family	8 brother
user753	physical_attribute	short
user753	other	beard
user754	has_profession	programmer
user754	like_activity	donate time
user754	have_pet	2 dog
user754	employed_by_company	facebook
user755	misc_attribute	shallow
user755	misc_attribute	fabulous
user755	has_hobby	shopping
user755	has_hobby	check reflection
user756	favorite_food	mexican food
user756	like_activity	reading
user756	other	mother
user756	like_music	the rolling stones
user757	school_status	graduated
user757	have_chidren	1 daughter
user757	has_profession	surgeon
user758	attend_school	beauty classes
user758	has_hobby	youtube
user758	have	50000 subscribers
user758	like_watching	make up tutorials
user758	has_ability	make up
user759	have_vehicle	prius
user759	employed_by_general	<blank>
user759	dislike	tofu
user760	like_activity	laughing
user760	like_activity	baking
user761	like_read	<blank>
user761	physical_attribute	tall
user761	have	survived
user762	like_activity	cooking
user762	want_do	traveling
user763	has_profession	translator
user763	dislike	career
user763	want_job	author
user763	job_status	unemployed
user763	has_hobby	writing
user764	like_watching	ufc fights
user764	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user764	like_food	cheese
user764	employed_by_general	factory
user764	like_activity	travel
user765	other	rich
user765	other	bankrupt
user765	has_profession	president
user765	own	casino
user766	live_in_general	rural
user766	employed_by_company	amazon
user766	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user766	favorite_activity	robotics
user767	own	2 laptops
user767	has_hobby	gardening
user767	like_watching	anime
user768	have_family	parents
user768	like_watching	anime
user768	has_hobby	video games
user768	has_hobby	sketching
user769	has_ability	play instrument
user769	like_food	indian cuisine
user769	want	to adopt a dog
user770	favorite_color	purple
user770	has_ability	drive
user770	job_status	seeking employment
user771	like_general	boots
user771	have	many girlfriends
user771	like_food	beef
user771	has_hobby	horseback riding
user772	like_music	rap
user772	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user772	own	sneakers
user772	favorite	sleep
user772	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user773	like_general	spend time with family
user773	attend_school	university
user773	like_sports	playing
user773	has_degree	business
user774	has_ability	speak language
user774	have	1 blue eye
user774	have_pet	cat
user775	has_ability	running
user775	favorite_activity	float the river
user776	like_food	sushi
user776	like_animal	dog
user776	own	car
user776	like_general	blue
user776	gender	female
user777	has_profession	author
user777	<blank>	<blank>
user777	live_in_general	alone
user777	has_hobby	shopping
user777	other	"dont believe in love"
user778	dislike	rejection from parents
user778	gender	different
user778	misc_attribute	out of touch
user778	other	sexual identity
user779	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user779	like_music	classical
user779	want	to become male model
user779	other	dieting
user780	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user780	like_watching	surgery
user780	like_music	britney spears
user780	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user780	like_activity	traveling
user781	school_status	student
user781	like_activity	singing
user781	has_profession	coffee shop
user781	have_pet	cat
user781	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user782	has_ability	playing pool
user782	want_do	travel
user782	want_do	<blank>
user782	teach	arts
user782	like_animal	unicorns
user783	have_pet	2 dog
user783	have_chidren	1 child
user783	favorite_drink	red wine
user783	like_activity	gardening
user784	place_origin	virginia
user784	has_ability	driving
user785	has_age	25
user785	employed_by_general	military
user785	like_general	blue
user785	have_chidren	1 son
user786	like_food	meat
user786	like_music	country
user786	like_watching	sport
user786	like_activity	hunting
user787	like_food	cheese
user787	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user787	dislike	driving
user787	like_music	backstreet boys
user787	has_age	under 50
user788	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user788	favorite_color	purple
user788	have_pet	1 lizard
user788	have_family	only child
user788	<blank>	plants
user789	marital_status	married
user789	like_music	taylor swift
user790	like_goto	movie theater
user790	like_general	<blank>
user790	have_pet	2 dog
user790	like_activity	walking
user790	job_status	employed
user791	like_food	hummus
user791	misc_attribute	bipolar
user791	other	mother
user791	want	child
user791	has_profession	nurse
user792	like_general	my family
user792	like_music	jazz
user792	like_activity	bingo
user793	other	allergic to lactose
user793	dislike	regular expressions
user793	like_food	fried
user793	other	six months to live
user794	have	1 rose tattoo
user794	school_status	student
user794	employed_by_general	<blank>
user794	like_general	silver
user794	have	tattoos
user795	like_activity	fishing
user795	misc_attribute	simple
user795	has_hobby	drink beers
user796	want_job	nurse
user796	attend_school	university
user796	live_in_general	small town
user796	like_activity	shopping
user797	favorite_movie	star wars
user797	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user797	have_pet	iguana
user797	<blank>	<blank>
user798	has_hobby	running
user798	has_profession	cook
user798	job_status	seeking employment
user798	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user799	have	phone
user799	like_general	the night
user799	like_activity	basketball
user799	like_activity	shopping
user800	like_drink	beer
user800	like_activity	football
user800	like_general	it
user801	marital_status	single
user801	misc_attribute	religious
user801	have_pet	2 dog
user801	other	wrote a book
user801	like_activity	reading
user802	has_ability	pilot
user802	has_hobby	photography
user802	has_profession	lawyer
user802	own	0 television
user803	like_food	italian cuisine
user803	other	east asian
user803	favorite_food	pizza
user803	misc_attribute	healthy
user803	other	tom
user804	like_activity	shopping
user804	live_in_general	small town
user804	want_job	nurse
user804	attend_school	university
user805	want_do	<blank>
user805	misc_attribute	dishonest
user805	misc_attribute	personable
user805	misc_attribute	physical
user806	like_general	red
user806	like_activity	dance
user806	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user806	have_vehicle	prius
user807	physical_attribute	buff
user807	like_activity	fashion
user807	has_profession	attorney
user807	have	beard
user808	like_activity	hiking
user808	has_ability	speak language
user808	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user808	has_profession	barista
user809	has_hobby	football
user809	misc_attribute	determined
user809	member_of	sports team
user809	has_hobby	football
user810	has_hobby	writing
user810	like_activity	hiking
user810	have_pet	dog
user811	other	award winner
user811	has_hobby	volunteering
user811	has_ability	impersonations
user811	has_profession	plumber
user811	has_ability	4 speak language
user812	own	guns
user812	have_vehicle	ford
user812	has_profession	police
user812	marital_status	3 married
user813	has_profession	programmer
user813	job_status	employed
user813	have_pet	2 dog
user813	employed_by_company	facebook
user813	like_activity	donate time
user814	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user814	previous_profession	actor
user814	has_profession	comedian
user814	place_origin	small town
user814	have	local theater gig
user815	like_food	shrimp
user815	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user815	has_hobby	gambling
user816	favorite_food	steak
user816	has_ability	not swim
user816	like_music	rock
user816	own	chevy tahoe
user817	<blank>	<blank>
user817	have_pet	2 dog
user817	dislike	broccoli
user817	has_profession	police
user818	have_pet	5 cat
user818	nationality	british
user818	like_general	blue
user819	live_in_general	large home
user819	has_profession	doctor
user819	employed_by_general	hospital
user819	has_hobby	boating
user819	like_goto	beach
user820	like_watching	netflix
user820	have_sibling	sister
user820	want_do	<blank>
user820	want_do	learning
user820	want_do	schooling
user821	misc_attribute	bored
user821	like_activity	learning
user821	own	computer
user821	like_watching	foreign
user821	want_do	speak language
user822	like_drink	water
user822	like_sports	<blank>
user822	have	been in two car crashes
user822	attend_school	university
user823	other	rich
user823	other	bankrupt
user823	has_profession	president
user823	own	casino
user824	like_activity	video games
user824	have_family	mother
user824	physical_attribute	long hair
user825	job_status	employed
user825	dislike	riding the bus
user825	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user825	like_general	littlest things
user826	like_general	going to bed late
user826	like_activity	singing
user826	has_ability	play instrument
user826	has_ability	dance
user826	other	vegetarian
user827	have	3 thumbs
user827	misc_attribute	skeptical
user827	like_general	color red
user827	has_ability	fast typer
user827	misc_attribute	lively
user828	favorite_show	friends
user828	have	timeshare
user828	has_profession	<blank>
user828	favorite_food	sushi
user829	misc_attribute	quiet
user829	school_status	graduated
user829	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user829	other	was diagnosed with autism
user830	like_general	blue
user830	favorite_show	fantasy
user830	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user831	have	girlfriend
user831	has_profession	farmer
user831	like_activity	tailgate parties
user831	have	never flown on an airplane
user832	like_food	cheetos
user832	like_activity	skiing
user832	dislike	mexican food
user833	misc_attribute	social
user833	have	2 broken arm
user833	have_sibling	6 sibling
user833	marital_status	widow
user834	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user834	like_food	organic
user834	like_read	comics
user834	own	2 snakes
user834	has_hobby	collect autographs
user835	like_sports	soccer
user835	school_status	rejected
user835	has_age	7
user836	like_music	frank sinatra
user836	like_activity	cooking
user836	like_watching	spongebob
user836	like_food	cheese
user837	own	bmw
user837	other	debt
user837	have	friends
user837	like_activity	shopping
user838	have	passport
user838	other	was on the news
user839	has_ability	driving
user839	place_origin	virginia
user839	has_profession	truck driver
user840	other	see therapist
user840	dislike	waking up in the morning
user841	<blank>	<blank>
user841	<blank>	<blank>
user841	like_music	country
user841	have_pet	dog
user842	have_vehicle	prius
user842	has_hobby	hiking
user842	like_general	canadian women
user842	like_activity	relieving myself
user843	has_profession	programmer
user843	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user843	like_watching	netflix
user843	favorite_food	italian
user844	previous_profession	nurse
user844	like_activity	painting
user844	like_activity	baking
user844	like_activity	wrestling
user845	have	girlfriend
user845	like_activity	singing
user845	like_activity	cooking
user845	have_family	husband
user845	job_status	employed
user846	job_status	employed
user846	has_profession	ballerina
user846	favorite_food	hamburgers
user846	like_watching	comedy
user847	has_profession	teacher
user847	favorite	donna karen clothes
user847	has_hobby	singing
user847	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user847	misc_attribute	religious
user848	own	2 monitors
user848	has_ability	single
user848	like_movie	superhero
user848	like_general	iphone
user848	own	ebooks
user849	favorite_color	hunter green
user849	want_job	restauranteur
user849	like_activity	cooking
user849	has_profession	chef
user850	like_activity	watching
user850	like_animal	animals
user850	like_activity	working out
user850	dislike	watching television
user850	like_activity	walking
user851	other	character
user851	want_do	skydiving
user851	job_status	internship
user852	have_chidren	children
user852	live_in_general	rural area
user852	gender	female
user853	favorite_food	cheesecake
user853	misc_attribute	bored
user853	own	money
user853	have_chidren	children
user854	has_age	20
user854	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user854	gender	transfemale
user854	like_food	pizza
user855	has_profession	mortician
user855	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user855	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user855	like_general	colors
user856	like_activity	driving
user856	like_read	<blank>
user856	have	survived
user856	physical_attribute	tall
user857	other	orphan
user857	like_animal	dog
user857	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user857	place_origin	nevada
user858	attend_school	miami university
user858	job_status	employed
user858	has_profession	baseball player
user858	have_chidren	3 children
user858	has_profession	baseball player
user859	has_ability	play instrument
user859	dislike	wearing pants
user859	like_movie	john grisham
user860	other	<blank>
user860	have_pet	dog
user860	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user860	like_food	beef
user860	like_activity	video games
user861	want_do	basketball
user861	have	knee surgery
user861	want_do	play
user861	physical_attribute	tall
user861	school_status	graduated
user862	other	arnold
user862	favorite_drink	orange juice
user862	like_sports	water ski
user862	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user862	has_age	10
user863	favorite_color	green
user863	want_job	singer
user863	like_animal	animals
user863	like_sports	tennis
user864	has_ability	baking
user864	attend_school	law school
user865	has_profession	carpenter
user865	marital_status	married
user865	previous_profession	slave
user865	have_sibling	sibling
user866	have_pet	1 dog
user866	physical_attribute	hair is black
user866	like_activity	rock climbing
user866	like_food	gluten free
user867	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user867	has_hobby	camping
user867	have_chidren	2 son
user867	like_activity	horseback riding
user868	has_hobby	painting
user868	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user868	want_job	curator
user868	like_drink	coffee
user868	have	been to new york city
user869	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user869	teach	children
user869	misc_attribute	ocd
user869	member_of	church
user869	other	vegan
user870	like_activity	drawing
user870	have_chidren	5 children
user870	like_general	babies
user870	like_activity	socialize
user871	favorite_color	yellow
user871	want_job	architect
user871	has_profession	wedding planner
user871	like_music	80s
user871	like_general	ghost
user872	dislike	kissing
user872	like_activity	gossiping
user872	like_watching	talk show
user872	misc_attribute	organized
user872	misc_attribute	above average
user873	like_food	ice cream
user873	like_music	rock
user873	marital_status	engaged
user873	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user874	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user874	have_family	children
user874	like_activity	driving
user874	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user875	have	laptop
user875	like_activity	writing
user875	attend_school	college
user875	own	glasses
user876	have	personal trainer
user876	have_pet	3 dog
user876	teach	kids
user876	like_general	religion
user877	has_degree	nursing
user877	like_general	helping others
user877	favorite_food	sushi
user878	like_drink	beer
user878	like_music	classic rock
user878	like_activity	fixing
user878	like_activity	darts
user879	has_profession	physical therapist
user879	have_pet	3 dog
user879	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user879	have_chidren	2 children
user879	have_chidren	2 children
user880	has_ability	2 speak language
user880	other	chinese
user880	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user880	like_music	blues
user880	like_general	prince
user881	like_sports	hockey
user881	attend_school	university
user881	other	flew out of country
user882	dislike	sweet potatoes
user882	has_profession	athlete
user882	like_music	all american rejecs
user882	have_pet	3 dog
user883	have_sibling	sibling
user883	has_profession	carpenter
user883	like_general	red
user883	previous_profession	slave
user884	attend_school	university
user884	like_sports	football
user884	misc_attribute	healthy
user884	has_hobby	exercise
user885	school_status	student
user885	employed_by_general	library
user885	other	commutes
user885	have	2 science classes
user886	have_chidren	1 son
user886	like_general	blue
user886	has_age	25
user886	has_hobby	wrestling
user887	have	fibromyalgia
user887	like_activity	beadworking
user887	like_activity	reading
user887	place_origin	farm
user888	marital_status	not married
user888	like_sports	basketball
user888	like_activity	singing
user888	has_hobby	hunting
user889	like_goto	rock concerts
user889	has_age	18
user889	place_origin	farm
user889	other	carnivore
user890	physical_attribute	short
user890	other	beard
user890	have_family	8 brother
user891	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user891	like_drink	coffee
user891	like_music	lindsey stirling
user891	own	2 packs
user892	like_general	blue
user892	job_status	employed
user892	like_activity	hiking
user892	like_general	nature
user893	favorite_book	tale of genji
user893	physical_attribute	purple hair
user893	job_status	employed
user894	job_status	unemployed
user894	have_family	mother
user894	have	birthday in june
user894	have_pet	cat
user894	favorite_season	summer
user895	marital_status	single
user895	has_profession	waiter
user895	has_hobby	cycling
user896	other	lactose intolerant
user896	favorite_color	orange
user896	have	3 roommate
user896	have_pet	parakeet
user897	has_profession	retailer
user897	dislike	the taste of cheese
user897	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user897	has_ability	cooking
user898	like_activity	drawing and painting
user898	own	house
user898	job_status	employed
user898	have_vehicle	car
user899	has_hobby	water sports
user899	physical_attribute	tall
user899	like_general	red
user900	marital_status	married
user900	have_family	<blank>
user900	misc_attribute	family man
user900	like_activity	bowling
user900	has_profession	pediatrician
user901	dislike	eating out
user901	dislike	social obligations
user901	like_sports	running
user901	like_watching	foreign
user902	like_music	jazz
user902	like_general	my family
user902	like_activity	bingo
user902	have_pet	3 dog
user903	want_do	invest in stock market
user903	like_general	technology
user903	want	find easy ways to make money
user903	like_read	news
user903	has_ability	website design
user904	have	no television
user904	has_profession	teacher
user904	dislike	pizza
user905	own	house
user905	employed_by_general	craft store
user905	like_activity	crocheting
user905	like_music	alternative rock
user906	has_profession	dental assistant
user906	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user906	own	universe
user906	like_activity	clubbing
user907	have_vehicle	convertible
user907	like_activity	spreading happiness
user907	like_music	katy perry
user907	misc_attribute	exciting
user907	has_profession	lifeguard
user908	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user908	like_food	meat
user908	other	veteran
user908	have	girlfriend
user909	like_food	food with no animal product
user909	like_goto	0 library
user909	physical_attribute	red hair
user909	live_in_general	coast
user909	employed_by_general	retailer
user910	like_animal	dog
user910	like_activity	cooking
user910	<blank>	<blank>
user910	misc_attribute	happy
user911	employed_by_company	walmart
user911	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user911	like_food	food with no animal product
user912	have_pet	cat
user912	favorite_food	subway
user912	like_goto	antique stores
user912	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user912	like_goto	starbucks
user913	misc_attribute	people person
user913	misc_attribute	frustrated
user913	like_activity	rock climbing
user914	dislike	kids
user914	have_family	3 ex wives
user914	dislike	acting
user914	have_vehicle	ferrari
user915	like_general	comics
user915	like_watching	horror
user915	like_food	junk food
user915	dislike	family
user915	has_hobby	couch potato
user916	like_drink	tea
user916	like_food	egg
user916	like_activity	drawing
user916	like_general	people
user917	like_general	lumberjacking
user917	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user917	own	large ax
user917	like_food	pancakes
user917	has_hobby	fishing
user918	have_pet	2 dog
user918	has_profession	receptionist
user918	like_general	brothers
user918	favorite_place	disney world
user919	has_hobby	traveling
user919	like_activity	dancing
user919	has_profession	technician
user919	has_profession	engineer
user920	misc_attribute	family man
user920	have_family	<blank>
user920	has_profession	pediatrician
user920	marital_status	married
user921	like_watching	anime
user921	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user921	other	have never ate candy
user921	job_status	employed
user921	have	nickname
user922	like_activity	sleeping in
user922	employed_by_general	laboratory
user922	have_sibling	2 brother
user922	misc_attribute	romantic
user923	has_age	21
user923	physical_attribute	pregnant
user923	have_chidren	3 children
user923	have_chidren	twins
user923	physical_attribute	sick
user924	misc_attribute	vain
user924	like_activity	cooking
user924	like_activity	drawing
user924	physical_attribute	curly hair
user925	job_status	employed
user925	has_age	30
user925	physical_attribute	colorblind
user925	other	volunteer firefighter.
user926	has_hobby	travel
user926	like_watching	games shows
user926	misc_attribute	unstable
user926	misc_attribute	religious
user927	have	taught
user927	job_status	with wife
user927	has_profession	zoologist
user928	misc_attribute	educated
user928	employed_by_company	<blank>
user928	other	carnivore
user929	other	vegetarian
user929	like_activity	sleeping
user929	dislike	traffic
user930	want	mermaid
user930	like_drink	iced tea
user930	have_sibling	4 sibling
user931	physical_attribute	long hair
user931	have_family	mother
user931	dislike	1 cooking
user931	like_activity	video games
user932	have_family	adopted
user932	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user932	has_hobby	horseback riding
user932	other	"dont believe in love"
user932	have_family	only child
user933	have_chidren	3 children
user933	like_food	wings
user933	like_activity	singing
user933	has_profession	truck driver
user933	place_origin	trailer park
user934	have	3 best friends
user934	like_general	sports cars
user934	like_sports	swimming
user934	has_age	14
user935	marital_status	widow
user935	want_do	photography
user935	like_activity	photography
user935	want_job	photographer
user936	gender	female
user936	like_activity	traveling
user936	like_general	family
user936	like_activity	art projects
user936	marital_status	married
user937	has_profession	veterinarian
user937	have_pet	3 dog
user937	has_age	30
user937	like_sports	cycling
user937	other	vegan
user938	like_animal	dog
user938	like_activity	travel
user938	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user938	place_origin	san francisco
user939	like_general	children
user939	like_activity	shopping
user939	like_activity	cooking
user939	like_food	<blank>
user939	like_activity	chatting with friends
user940	have_family	sibling
user940	other	disappointment
user940	like_activity	climbing
user940	want_do	travel
user941	has_hobby	exercise
user941	misc_attribute	social
user941	like_food	large meals
user941	attend_school	university
user941	like_sports	swimming
user942	has_age	30
user942	have_pet	2 <blank>
user942	have_chidren	2 children
user942	marital_status	married
user942	like_activity	walking
user943	like_activity	skateboarding
user943	gender	female
user943	attend_school	high school
user943	physical_attribute	blonde
user944	has_ability	making clothing
user944	like_general	jimmy fallon
user944	has_ability	play instrument
user944	physical_attribute	going bald
user944	dislike	flowers
user945	like_animal	animals
user945	like_watching	british
user945	has_age	77
user945	have	2 grandchildren
user946	favorite_movie	titanic
user946	have_chidren	2 children
user946	employed_by_company	aldis
user946	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user947	other	parents are teachers
user947	have	eyebrow piercing
user947	have_sibling	sister
user947	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user948	like_sports	football
user948	has_hobby	football
user948	has_profession	athlete
user948	has_hobby	football
user948	like_general	baltimore ravens
user949	like_activity	shopping
user949	job_status	employed
user949	like_goto	pool
user949	has_hobby	yoga
user950	misc_attribute	lazy
user950	like_food	meat
user950	have	house
user950	other	vegetarian
user951	favorite	rose
user951	has_profession	waiter
user951	have_chidren	daughter
user951	school_status	student
user951	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user952	own	mansion
user952	has_profession	business man
user952	want	parents
user952	has_ability	300 speak language
user953	misc_attribute	competitive
user953	like_food	eggplant
user953	like_activity	smoking
user953	marital_status	married
user954	like_food	cheese
user954	like_watching	ufc fights
user954	employed_by_general	factory
user955	has_profession	businessman
user955	has_hobby	martial arts
user955	like_activity	singing
user955	have_chidren	2 children
user956	have	vacation home
user956	have_vehicle	suv
user956	has_degree	law
user956	have_chidren	2 children
user957	other	omar
user957	have_sibling	brother
user957	have	0 cities
user957	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user957	has_ability	play instrument
user958	want	retire
user958	have	support of my whole family
user958	like_activity	ballet
user959	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user959	favorite	halo 3
user959	have_vehicle	moped
user959	like_activity	singing
user960	has_ability	3 speak language
user960	have_chidren	2 children
user960	want_job	employment
user960	other	colour blind
user961	has_hobby	writing
user961	employed_by_general	hotel
user961	like_activity	video games
user961	like_food	junk food
user961	favorite_music	kpop
user962	like_activity	video games
user962	have_pet	dog
user962	like_food	beef
user962	other	<blank>
user963	like_music	smooth jazz
user963	employed_by_general	<blank>
user963	have_pet	dog
user963	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user963	like_general	suits and ties
user964	physical_attribute	olive
user964	other	wear glasses
user964	own	purse
user964	have	green eyes
user965	place_origin	baton rouge
user965	gender	male
user965	has_profession	chef
user965	have_pet	parrot
user966	like_sports	soccer
user966	school_status	student
user966	have_sibling	brother
user966	like_sports	soccer
user967	like_food	meat
user967	like_watching	sport
user967	like_activity	hunting
user967	like_music	country
user967	have_vehicle	truck
user968	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user968	has_hobby	writing
user968	like_general	pens
user968	want_do	make more money
user969	have_pet	2 <blank>
user969	have_chidren	2 children
user969	marital_status	married
user969	like_activity	walking
user970	want_job	teacher
user970	attend_school	university
user970	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user971	like_activity	swimming
user971	has_hobby	running
user971	have	medication
user971	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user972	like_general	blue
user972	like_food	home-cooked meals
user972	favorite_show	fantasy
user973	misc_attribute	friendly
user973	like_activity	working out
user973	have	nice smile
user973	like_general	makeup
user974	have_pet	dog
user974	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user975	like_activity	travel
user975	like_music	classical
user975	has_ability	play instrument
user975	has_ability	play instrument
user976	like_goto	nature
user976	has_profession	teacher
user976	marital_status	single
user977	like_drink	apple martinis
user977	has_ability	driving
user977	member_of	hobby club
user977	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user978	have_vehicle	ford
user978	like_movie	action
user978	attend_school	university
user978	like_sports	football
user979	has_profession	coach
user979	has_profession	teacher
user979	other	am allergic to apples
user979	like_activity	crocheting
user979	has_hobby	singing
user980	have_pet	2 dog
user980	dislike	spiders
user980	has_profession	pilot
user980	other	parents in the military
user981	has_ability	math
user981	have_sibling	sibling
user981	like_general	computers
user981	like_activity	0 thinking
user982	like_general	red
user982	like_general	headsets
user982	have_family	parents
user982	own	phone
user982	like_activity	travel
user983	like_general	people
user983	like_activity	working out
user983	like_activity	praying
user983	like_general	building apps
user984	physical_attribute	short
user985	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user985	like_food	fried
user985	other	allergic
user985	other	six months to live
user986	favorite_music	hip hop
user986	marital_status	married
user986	place_origin	spain
user986	other	vegetarian
user986	has_profession	veterinarian
user987	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user987	misc_attribute	popular
user987	school_status	student
user988	live_in_general	condo
user988	have	large mustache
user988	previous_profession	reporter
user989	other	epileptic
user989	have_chidren	1 son
user989	like_activity	swimming
user989	like_read	<blank>
user990	has_ability	2 speak language
user990	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user990	like_music	blues
user990	like_general	prince
user990	other	chinese
user991	school_status	graduated
user991	have_family	grandmother
user991	have_family	mother
user991	dislike	salad
user992	misc_attribute	generous
user992	like_general	smelling my own farts
user992	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user992	like_general	blame
user992	physical_attribute	fat
user993	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user993	want_do	pilot
user993	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user993	has_profession	mortician
user994	like_activity	laughing
user994	like_activity	baking
user994	like_general	shoes
user995	have_pet	23 cat
user995	has_hobby	traveling
user995	like_activity	painting
user995	dislike	fish
user995	other	vegan
user996	have_pet	cat
user996	have_chidren	4 children
user996	has_profession	artist
user996	like_activity	walking
user997	employed_by_company	target
user997	like_goto	movie theater
user997	have_pet	dog
user997	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user997	physical_attribute	7"
user998	has_hobby	traveling
user998	misc_attribute	1 religious
user998	marital_status	married
user998	gender	male
user998	favorite_book	the bible
user999	like_general	iphone
user999	like_movie	superhero
user999	own	2 monitors
user999	own	ebooks
user1000	job_status	retired
user1000	like_activity	working out
user1000	like_activity	cooking
user1000	like_activity	going to bars
user1000	like_activity	dating women
user1001	has_profession	photographer
user1001	like_animal	dog
user1001	have_pet	dog
user1001	like_activity	drinking
user1001	have	tattoos
user1002	like_read	crime
user1002	has_profession	zoologist
user1002	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user1002	favorite_animal	panda
user1002	like_food	egg
user1003	favorite_color	purple
user1003	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user1003	like_animal	dog
user1003	like_sports	swimming
user1004	other	beard
user1004	have_family	8 brother
user1004	physical_attribute	short
user1005	other	vegetarian
user1005	misc_attribute	witty
user1005	has_hobby	reading
user1005	like_animal	sharks
user1005	like_activity	dance
user1006	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user1006	physical_attribute	allergic
user1006	like_food	vegetables
user1006	misc_attribute	shy
user1006	have	trouble connecting with family
user1007	have_sibling	twin sister
user1007	has_hobby	yoga
user1007	has_profession	teacher
user1007	like_food	chocolate
user1008	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user1008	like_general	prince
user1008	other	puerto rican / chinese
user1008	has_ability	2 speak language
user1009	attend_school	high school
user1009	like_activity	skateboarding
user1009	physical_attribute	blonde
user1009	gender	female
user1010	have	glasses
user1010	dislike	skiing
user1010	like_read	twilight
user1010	attend_school	elementary
user1010	have	6 toes
user1011	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user1011	school_status	dropped out
user1011	misc_attribute	romantic
user1011	misc_attribute	emotional
user1012	like_general	art
user1012	other	pregnant
user1012	have_chidren	children
user1012	have	severe anxiety disorder
user1013	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user1013	other	premature
user1013	have_sibling	1 sister
user1014	want_do	go to college
user1014	like_activity	surfing
user1014	like_general	snow
user1015	like_music	adam levine
user1015	want_job	photographer
user1015	want_do	photography
user1015	like_activity	photography
user1015	marital_status	widow
user1016	favorite_music_artist	up
user1016	has_ability	fall up stairs
user1016	employed_by_company	del taco
user1016	like_food	french fries
user1016	have_vehicle	bicycle
user1017	like_activity	riding the bus
user1017	has_profession	babysitter
user1017	favorite_color	yellow
user1017	job_status	unemployed
user1017	not_have	money
user1018	has_age	30
user1018	job_status	employed
user1018	other	volunteer firefighter.
user1018	physical_attribute	colorblind
user1019	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user1019	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user1019	has_hobby	archery
user1019	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user1019	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user1020	place_origin	kansas
user1020	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1020	like_animal	chicken
user1020	has_ability	drive truck
user1021	like_read	autobiographies
user1021	like_music	metallica
user1021	like_goto	gym
user1021	favorite_food	chicken
user1022	has_profession	nurse
user1022	like_read	<blank>
user1022	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user1022	employed_by_general	hospital
user1023	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user1023	like_activity	driving
user1023	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user1023	have_family	children
user1023	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user1024	like_food	meatloaf
user1024	like_music	0 toto
user1024	have_pet	dog
user1025	has_profession	basketball player
user1025	has_hobby	basketball
user1025	attend_school	university of north carolina
user1025	has_profession	basketball player
user1025	has_profession	athlete
user1026	like_general	people
user1026	like_food	egg
user1026	like_drink	tea
user1026	like_activity	drawing
user1027	like_activity	hiking
user1027	physical_attribute	1 arm
user1027	has_profession	farmer
user1027	school_status	graduated
user1027	have_family	sibling
user1028	has_ability	play instrument
user1028	like_animal	fish
user1028	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user1028	school_status	dropped out
user1029	favorite_season	summer
user1029	like_activity	fishing
user1029	like_music	classic
user1029	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user1029	like_general	impala
user1030	like_animal	rabbit
user1030	place_origin	alabama
user1030	dislike	sweet home alabama
user1030	like_watching	game of thrones
user1031	like_activity	walking
user1031	have_chidren	4 children
user1031	like_watching	game of thrones
user1031	have_pet	cat
user1032	attend_school	alabama university
user1032	have	girlfriend
user1032	misc_attribute	anxious
user1032	dislike	alcohol
user1033	have	boots
user1033	like_activity	fishing
user1033	favorite_season	spring
user1033	dislike	losing
user1034	dislike	winter
user1034	misc_attribute	risky
user1034	favorite_show	csi
user1034	want_job	smithsonian
user1035	misc_attribute	smart
user1035	want	money
user1035	have_pet	dog
user1036	like_activity	driving
user1036	like_general	to chat with my friends
user1036	like_goto	movie theater
user1036	like_read	in a series
user1036	like_goto	restaurant
user1037	misc_attribute	family man
user1037	have_family	<blank>
user1037	has_profession	pediatrician
user1037	marital_status	married
user1038	has_profession	mechanic
user1038	favorite_food	hamburger
user1038	live_in_general	alone
user1038	like_activity	fishing
user1039	have_vehicle	moped
user1039	favorite	halo 3
user1039	like_activity	singing
user1039	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user1039	<blank>	<blank>
user1040	previous_profession	marine
user1040	has_profession	bartender
user1040	like_activity	writing
user1040	has_hobby	reading
user1040	other	vegetarian
user1041	favorite	number is 7
user1041	dislike	driving
user1041	like_general	scratching
user1041	other	deaf man
user1041	like_activity	reading
user1042	has_hobby	skateboarding
user1042	misc_attribute	lazy
user1042	physical_attribute	<blank>
user1042	have	2 hair
user1043	dislike	city
user1043	other	omar
user1043	has_ability	play instrument
user1043	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user1043	have_sibling	brother
user1044	have_family	mother
user1044	like_general	cartoons
user1044	like_goto	water
user1044	live_in_general	away from parents
user1044	like_general	audiobookms
user1045	attend_school	high school
user1045	gender	male
user1045	favorite	math
user1045	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1045	has_hobby	ice hockey
user1046	like_activity	dance
user1046	attend_school	high school
user1046	like_watching	disney movies
user1047	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user1047	want	mom was healthier
user1047	want	to go to another school
user1047	like_general	my image
user1048	favorite_food	subway
user1048	have_pet	cat
user1048	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user1048	like_goto	starbucks
user1049	employed_by_general	restaurant
user1049	has_hobby	cooking
user1049	have_pet	1 dog
user1050	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user1050	like_activity	swimming
user1050	have_pet	4 dog
user1050	like_activity	cooking
user1050	dislike	green eggs and ham
user1051	has_ability	driving
user1051	place_origin	virginia
user1052	misc_attribute	vain
user1052	like_activity	cooking
user1052	like_activity	drawing
user1052	physical_attribute	curly hair
user1053	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user1053	has_profession	in marketing
user1053	like_music	folk
user1053	own	pink hiking boots
user1054	like_food	cake
user1054	school_status	student
user1054	have_sibling	1 sister
user1054	live_in_citystatecountry	dublin
user1054	have_family	father
user1055	own	computer
user1055	like_watching	foreign
user1055	like_activity	learning
user1055	misc_attribute	bored
user1056	have_chidren	4 daughter
user1056	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user1056	like_food	cake
user1056	has_ability	play instrument
user1056	have_pet	2 dog
user1057	like_activity	shopping
user1057	like_goto	pool
user1057	has_hobby	yoga
user1057	job_status	employed
user1058	misc_attribute	aloof
user1058	other	see therapist
user1058	dislike	waking up in the morning
user1059	dislike	watching television
user1059	like_activity	working out
user1059	like_animal	animals
user1059	like_activity	walking
user1060	like_general	horses
user1060	have	seashells
user1060	has_profession	yoga instruction
user1060	have_chidren	1 son
user1060	have_pet	2 dog
user1061	attend_school	university
user1061	favorite_hobby	dancing
user1061	have_vehicle	lexus
user1061	have_pet	dog
user1062	other	hippie
user1062	have	2 tattoos
user1062	have_vehicle	van
user1062	like_activity	recycling
user1062	physical_attribute	red hair
user1063	have_sibling	2 brother
user1063	other	youngest
user1063	like_activity	photography
user1063	like_general	blue
user1064	have	seashells
user1064	have_pet	2 dog
user1064	like_general	horses
user1064	has_profession	yoga instruction
user1064	have_chidren	1 son
user1065	like_activity	travel
user1065	like_general	car
user1065	like_animal	cat
user1065	favorite_color	green
user1066	favorite_color	purple
user1066	like_activity	ballet
user1066	physical_attribute	blonde
user1067	like_food	crab
user1067	has_hobby	kayaking
user1067	like_activity	running
user1067	like_activity	fly model airplane
user1068	favorite_place	jamaica
user1068	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user1068	have_sibling	3 sister
user1068	like_activity	reading
user1069	like_activity	shopping
user1069	has_profession	blogger
user1069	have_chidren	children
user1069	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user1069	has_hobby	cheerleading
user1070	like_watching	comedy
user1070	has_hobby	tennis
user1070	favorite_color	green
user1071	has_hobby	couch potato
user1071	dislike	family
user1071	like_watching	horror
user1071	like_general	comics
user1072	favorite_music	metal
user1072	like_activity	watching television
user1072	has_profession	commercials
user1072	other	3 allergies
user1073	favorite	toyota cars
user1073	like_general	vote
user1073	dislike	overtime
user1073	employed_by_general	hospital
user1073	want	truck
user1074	like_activity	running
user1074	favorite_movie	16 candles
user1074	job_status	employed
user1074	have_chidren	2 children
user1075	misc_attribute	competitive
user1075	like_activity	smoking
user1075	own	1 bar
user1075	like_food	eggplant
user1075	marital_status	married
user1076	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1076	attend_school	university
user1076	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user1076	have_pet	4 cat
user1077	want	truck
user1077	employed_by_general	hospital
user1077	favorite	toyota cars
user1077	dislike	overtime
user1077	like_general	vote
user1078	misc_attribute	sensitive
user1078	like_activity	cooking
user1078	place_origin	austin
user1078	want_do	photography
user1079	like_sports	football
user1079	has_profession	athlete
user1079	has_hobby	football
user1079	has_hobby	football
user1079	like_general	baltimore ravens
user1080	like_activity	walking
user1080	have_pet	lizard
user1080	like_activity	cooking
user1080	<blank>	<blank>
user1081	has_hobby	working out
user1081	job_status	retired
user1081	own	wear glasses
user1081	physical_attribute	attractive
user1081	other	8 grandchildren
user1082	own	cds
user1082	has_ability	play instrument
user1082	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user1082	like_general	furniture
user1083	like_read	<blank>
user1083	like_food	cupcakes
user1083	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1083	physical_attribute	brunette
user1084	like_activity	camping
user1084	place_origin	england
user1084	like_general	model building
user1084	like_goto	comedy clubs
user1084	have_family	0 mother
user1085	like_general	ford trucks
user1085	have_vehicle	ford
user1085	have_vehicle	ford
user1085	have_vehicle	truck
user1085	like_general	cars
user1086	has_profession	designer
user1086	has_profession	design video games
user1086	job_status	unemployed
user1087	has_profession	basketball player
user1087	attend_school	university of north carolina
user1087	has_profession	athlete
user1087	has_hobby	basketball
user1087	has_profession	basketball player
user1088	other	recovering alcoholic
user1088	misc_attribute	unstable
user1088	like_activity	pottery
user1088	like_activity	refurbishing
user1089	have_family	husband
user1089	has_hobby	video games
user1089	physical_attribute	overweight
user1089	has_profession	baker
user1090	like_animal	dogs and cats
user1090	have	friends
user1090	has_age	10
user1091	marital_status	single
user1091	like_sports	tennis
user1091	physical_attribute	deaf
user1091	have_pet	dog
user1091	favorite_place	mall
user1092	dislike	homework
user1092	other	bad luck with relationships
user1092	misc_attribute	romantic
user1092	misc_attribute	lazy
user1093	other	see therapist
user1093	dislike	waking up in the morning
user1094	like_watching	foreign
user1094	own	computer
user1094	misc_attribute	complex
user1094	like_activity	learning
user1094	want_do	speak language
user1095	marital_status	married
user1095	has_hobby	football
user1095	employed_by_general	candy store
user1095	like_general	politics
user1095	like_activity	running
user1096	has_hobby	working out
user1096	have	many cars
user1096	like_sports	basketball
user1096	like_watching	sport
user1097	like_activity	cooking
user1097	like_activity	going to bars
user1097	like_activity	working out
user1097	job_status	retired
user1098	school_status	student
user1098	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user1098	favorite	rose
user1098	have_pet	cat
user1098	has_age	21
user1099	have_pet	3 iguana
user1099	like_animal	dog
user1099	have_sibling	brother
user1099	other	poor
user1099	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user1100	favorite_food	steak
user1100	like_music	opera
user1100	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user1100	misc_attribute	focused
user1100	live_in_general	condo
user1101	has_profession	fitness guru
user1101	has_age	53
user1101	has_profession	salesman
user1101	misc_attribute	carefree
user1101	misc_attribute	religious
user1102	has_profession	roofer
user1102	like_sports	football
user1102	have	a beer
user1102	have_vehicle	truck
user1103	has_profession	graphic designer
user1103	favorite_season	spring
user1103	marital_status	single
user1103	like_activity	walks on the beach
user1104	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user1104	favorite_music	rock
user1104	want	travel
user1104	has_profession	farmer
user1104	have_pet	2 dog
user1105	like_read	<blank>
user1105	like_read	<blank>
user1105	has_hobby	gardening
user1105	place_origin	kentucky
user1106	like_read	autobiographies
user1106	have_pet	cat
user1106	like_goto	gym
user1106	like_music	metallica
user1106	favorite_food	chicken
user1107	has_hobby	knitting
user1107	like_activity	going barefoot
user1107	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user1107	has_profession	tutor
user1108	physical_attribute	long legs
user1108	physical_attribute	dumpy
user1108	have	long fingers
user1108	like_general	skeleton
user1109	other	rich
user1109	previous_profession	casino owner
user1109	own	casino
user1109	has_profession	president
user1109	other	bankrupt
user1110	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user1110	have_sibling	sister
user1110	have	eyebrow piercing
user1110	other	parents are teachers
user1111	like_activity	working out
user1111	other	name is kevin
user1111	want_job	software engineer
user1111	has_ability	play instrument
user1111	school_status	student
user1112	like_read	1984
user1112	attend_school	university
user1112	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user1112	like_read	books
user1113	has_ability	draw
user1113	have	sausage fingers
user1113	physical_attribute	full
user1113	favorite_drink	sprite
user1114	<blank>	seeking employment
user1114	has_ability	play instrument
user1114	like_watching	horror
user1114	favorite_color	red orange
user1115	own	glasses
user1115	like_activity	standing in the rain
user1115	favorite	actress
user1115	want	faster computer
user1116	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user1116	has_hobby	snowboarding
user1116	like_food	popcorn
user1116	have_sibling	brother
user1117	has_hobby	soccer
user1117	misc_attribute	team player
user1117	favorite	nike cleats
user1117	has_hobby	goalie
user1117	other	42 number is
user1118	misc_attribute	clown
user1118	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user1118	other	orphan
user1118	like_general	attention
user1119	have_pet	dog
user1119	physical_attribute	short
user1119	other	relative
user1119	job_status	seeking employment
user1119	like_general	red
user1120	own	black purse
user1120	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user1120	like_general	wearing black clothing
user1120	own	black car
user1120	like_music	rock
user1121	dislike	heights
user1121	like_drink	iced tea
user1121	have_sibling	4 sibling
user1122	like_general	red
user1122	have_sibling	sibling
user1122	has_profession	carpenter
user1122	marital_status	married
user1122	previous_profession	slave
user1123	like_music	the rolling stones
user1123	like_drink	soda
user1123	have_chidren	3 children
user1123	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user1124	have_pet	cat
user1124	own	suspenders
user1124	want	a real dragon
user1124	misc_attribute	dirty
user1124	like_activity	video games
user1125	have_sibling	3 sister
user1125	like_activity	reading
user1125	favorite_place	jamaica
user1125	has_degree	creative writing
user1125	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user1126	dislike	math
user1126	attend_school	university
user1126	have_pet	dog
user1126	have_vehicle	lexus
user1126	favorite_hobby	dancing
user1127	like_watching	youtube
user1127	like_activity	sleeping
user1127	physical_attribute	brunette
user1127	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user1127	has_profession	author
user1128	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user1128	like_sports	baseball
user1128	like_sports	sports
user1129	own	iphone 7
user1129	like_drink	chocolate
user1129	have	allergy
user1130	like_food	tuna
user1130	like_activity	reading
user1130	has_profession	librarian
user1130	have_pet	cat
user1130	have_pet	2 cat
user1131	like_activity	working out
user1131	misc_attribute	healthy
user1131	want	cool
user1131	like_sports	soccer
user1131	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user1132	want	mermaid
user1132	dislike	heights
user1132	have_sibling	4 sibling
user1133	like_food	ice cream
user1133	favorite_activity	fishing
user1133	favorite_activity	float the river
user1133	has_ability	running
user1134	physical_attribute	red hair
user1134	have_vehicle	scooter
user1134	other	nick
user1134	misc_attribute	friendly
user1134	dislike	music
user1135	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user1135	like_activity	going barefoot
user1135	has_profession	tutor
user1135	has_hobby	knitting
user1136	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user1136	like_music	rap
user1136	own	sneakers
user1136	favorite	sleep
user1136	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user1137	like_food	brunch
user1137	not_have	pet
user1137	has_profession	scout
user1137	have	car
user1137	have_vehicle	car
user1138	like_food	spicy
user1138	physical_attribute	long hair
user1138	has_hobby	running
user1138	want	a new camera
user1139	marital_status	single
user1139	has_profession	make robots
user1139	like_general	going to bed late
user1139	have	bas social life
user1140	has_profession	construction worker
user1140	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user1140	have_family	mother
user1140	attend_school	welding
user1141	have	a few friends
user1141	like_activity	hunting
user1141	has_profession	baker
user1141	like_activity	sewing
user1142	like_general	family time
user1142	other	soccer mom
user1142	has_ability	cook
user1142	teach	cheerleading
user1142	employed_by_general	online company
user1143	job_status	unemployed
user1143	dislike	0 taco
user1143	like_sports	swimming
user1143	physical_attribute	bald
user1144	have_pet	1 dog
user1144	has_ability	play instrument
user1145	like_food	sushi
user1145	school_status	graduated
user1145	like_animal	dog
user1145	like_activity	shopping
user1146	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user1146	school_status	student
user1146	like_read	1984
user1146	like_read	books
user1146	attend_school	university
user1147	have_pet	3 iguana
user1147	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user1147	like_animal	dog
user1147	have_sibling	brother
user1147	other	poor
user1148	like_general	purple
user1148	like_general	cher
user1148	have_vehicle	sports car
user1148	have	no money
user1148	marital_status	single
user1149	like_food	wings
user1149	has_profession	truck driver
user1149	have_chidren	3 children
user1149	like_activity	singing
user1149	place_origin	trailer park
user1150	have	2 science classes
user1150	employed_by_general	library
user1150	other	commutes
user1150	live_in_general	home
user1151	have_sibling	3 sibling
user1151	has_hobby	hiking
user1151	job_status	employed
user1151	other	has not left country
user1151	other	<blank>
user1152	like_activity	swimming
user1152	have	garden
user1152	has_hobby	sewing
user1152	like_activity	baking
user1152	employed_by_company	grocery store
user1153	have	friends
user1153	has_profession	retailer
user1153	have_sibling	8 children
user1153	want	love
user1153	like_food	mcdonalds
user1154	have_pet	named charlie
user1154	like_general	the nighttime
user1154	own	2 hoop earrings
user1155	has_ability	play instrument
user1155	favorite_color	green
user1155	has_profession	baseball player
user1155	like_read	history
user1156	dislike	punching clocks
user1156	like_activity	playing the lottery
user1156	previous_profession	telemarketer
user1156	have	money
user1157	want_do	study abroad in spain
user1157	want_job	teacher
user1157	school_status	student
user1157	like_sports	football
user1157	place_origin	new york
user1158	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user1158	have_pet	2 dog
user1158	like_food	cake
user1158	have_chidren	4 daughter
user1158	has_ability	play instrument
user1159	like_activity	painting
user1159	like_activity	gardening
user1159	like_food	pizza
user1159	favorite_music_artist	ween
user1160	has_ability	play instrument
user1160	have_sibling	brother
user1160	have	0 cities
user1160	other	omar
user1161	favorite_food	spaghetti
user1161	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user1161	misc_attribute	forgetful
user1161	have	boyfriend
user1161	have_family	mother
user1162	like_drink	coffee
user1162	have_pet	cat
user1162	like_activity	swimming
user1162	own	rose garden
user1163	have_family	wife
user1163	have_chidren	children
user1163	has_profession	baker
user1163	previous_profession	actor
user1163	want_do	retire
user1164	has_age	71
user1164	favorite_food	carrots
user1164	like_food	vegetables
user1165	misc_attribute	quick
user1165	like_general	food trucks
user1165	have_sibling	brother
user1166	like_food	pancakes
user1166	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user1166	like_general	lumberjacking
user1166	has_hobby	fishing
user1167	like_sports	soccer
user1167	like_activity	working out
user1167	favorite_food	healthy
user1167	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user1167	want	cool
user1168	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user1168	like_activity	hiking
user1168	like_music	marduk
user1168	like_food	fish
user1168	dislike	losing things
user1169	school_status	graduated
user1169	own	truck
user1169	live_in_general	farm
user1169	have	beard
user1169	like_music	rap
user1170	employed_by_general	theater
user1170	like_read	history
user1170	like_animal	animals
user1171	favorite_music_artist	creed
user1171	other	carnivore
user1171	like_sports	running
user1172	like_music	frank sinatra
user1172	like_activity	cooking
user1172	gender	female
user1172	like_food	cheese
user1173	have_vehicle	boat
user1173	have	5 grandchildren
user1173	like_activity	fishing
user1173	gender	70 male
user1174	like_general	brothers
user1174	like_read	crime
user1174	has_profession	receptionist
user1174	favorite_place	disney world
user1175	has_hobby	dancing
user1175	have_family	only child
user1175	attend_school	high school
user1176	attend_school	elementary
user1176	have	6 toes
user1176	have	glasses
user1176	like_read	twilight
user1176	dislike	skiing
user1177	like_watching	television
user1177	has_hobby	hunting
user1177	like_general	tigers baseball team
user1177	physical_attribute	blonde
user1178	physical_attribute	short hair
user1178	has_ability	play instrument
user1178	favorite_color	yellow
user1178	have	boyfriend
user1179	place_origin	kansas
user1179	like_animal	chicken
user1179	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1179	has_ability	drive truck
user1180	other	rich
user1180	has_profession	president
user1180	other	bankrupt
user1180	own	casino
user1181	like_general	job
user1181	have_pet	dog
user1181	previous_profession	technician
user1181	like_goto	beeach
user1182	have_pet	dog
user1182	favorite_place	mall
user1182	physical_attribute	deaf
user1182	marital_status	single
user1182	like_sports	tennis
user1183	has_hobby	running
user1183	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user1183	have	medication
user1183	like_activity	video games
user1184	employed_by_general	club
user1184	like_drink	soda
user1184	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1184	like_watching	scobby doo
user1185	physical_attribute	tall
user1185	employed_by_company	navy
user1185	favorite_show	the voice
user1185	like_read	<blank>
user1186	have_vehicle	convertible
user1186	other	believe in ghosts
user1186	own	personal religion
user1186	have_pet	4 dog
user1187	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user1187	like_activity	traveling
user1187	like_watching	surgery
user1187	like_music	britney spears
user1188	like_music	classical
user1188	has_ability	play instrument
user1188	like_activity	travel
user1188	has_ability	play instrument
user1189	own	house
user1189	employed_by_general	craft store
user1189	like_activity	crocheting
user1189	favorite	holiday
user1190	want_job	aide
user1190	like_music	pink
user1190	job_status	employed
user1190	like_drink	coffee
user1191	have_pet	dog
user1191	<blank>	<blank>
user1191	has_ability	play instrument
user1191	like_music	country
user1192	like_food	barbecue
user1192	has_profession	writer
user1192	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user1192	like_activity	hunting
user1193	have_sibling	brother
user1193	has_ability	play instrument
user1193	dislike	city
user1193	other	omar
user1193	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user1194	has_profession	manager
user1194	misc_attribute	competitive
user1194	like_goto	canada
user1194	has_hobby	bicycling
user1194	other	name
user1195	favorite_music	hip hop
user1195	has_profession	veterinarian
user1195	other	vegetarian
user1195	place_origin	spain
user1195	marital_status	married
user1196	have_vehicle	car
user1196	have	scholarship
user1196	want_do	major in business
user1196	has_age	18
user1196	school_status	graduated
user1197	has_profession	artist
user1197	have_pet	cat
user1197	like_watching	game of thrones
user1197	like_activity	walking
user1198	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user1198	like_music	folk
user1198	has_profession	in marketing
user1198	like_activity	hiking
user1198	own	pink hiking boots
user1199	have_family	partner
user1199	employed_by_general	daycare
user1199	attend_school	university
user1199	school_status	major in business administration
user1200	like_activity	shopping
user1200	like_activity	dance
user1200	like_general	shoes
user1200	like_food	pizza
user1200	like_food	burrito
user1201	misc_attribute	competitive
user1201	has_hobby	bicycling
user1201	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user1201	like_goto	canada
user1201	other	name
user1202	like_goto	museum
user1202	has_hobby	writing
user1202	employed_by_general	bookstore
user1202	like_drink	iced tea
user1202	want_job	author
user1203	like_activity	watching television
user1203	favorite_show	game of thrones
user1203	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user1203	job_status	employed
user1203	like_activity	cosplay
user1204	school_status	student
user1204	physical_attribute	strong
user1204	misc_attribute	athletic
user1204	like_animal	cat
user1205	has_hobby	dancing
user1205	marital_status	engaged
user1205	physical_attribute	red hair
user1205	job_status	unemployed
user1205	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user1206	employed_by_general	retailer
user1206	like_music	any
user1206	like_music	10 concerts
user1206	like_music	madonna
user1207	like_animal	cat
user1207	physical_attribute	strong
user1207	misc_attribute	athletic
user1207	school_status	student
user1208	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1208	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user1208	other	help with bookeeping
user1208	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user1208	like_food	food with no animal product
user1209	have_chidren	3 children
user1209	have_chidren	twins
user1209	physical_attribute	sick
user1209	has_age	21
user1209	physical_attribute	pregnant
user1210	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user1210	like_food	takeout
user1210	like_general	low taxes
user1210	has_profession	finance
user1211	misc_attribute	talent
user1211	like_activity	cooking
user1211	has_hobby	cooking
user1211	job_status	unemployed
user1211	attend_school	classes
user1212	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user1212	like_activity	going barefoot
user1212	has_hobby	knitting
user1213	like_activity	painting
user1213	has_hobby	traveling
user1213	have_pet	23 cat
user1213	other	vegan
user1214	place_origin	california
user1214	like_goto	outdoors
user1214	school_status	student
user1214	like_activity	shopping
user1215	like_animal	fish
user1215	have_chidren	5 children
user1215	employed_by_company	computer company
user1215	school_status	student
user1216	dislike	cooking
user1216	like_general	dress up
user1216	like_activity	skin care
user1216	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1217	marital_status	married
user1217	has_profession	teacher
user1217	like_activity	reading
user1218	like_drink	beer
user1218	like_activity	football
user1218	like_general	fun
user1219	have_pet	dog
user1219	favorite_place	mall
user1219	like_sports	tennis
user1219	marital_status	single
user1220	like_drink	coffee
user1220	favorite_activity	gardening
user1220	has_age	77
user1220	other	am a widow
user1221	other	has left the country
user1221	like_sports	hockey
user1221	attend_school	university
user1221	have	friend
user1221	have_family	sibling
user1222	like_movie	<blank>
user1222	employed_by_general	circus
user1222	other	ketogenic
user1222	have_pet	2 dog
user1223	like_food	pizza
user1223	like_activity	gardening
user1223	gender	male
user1223	like_activity	painting
user1224	like_activity	painting
user1224	attend_school	university
user1224	want_do	painting
user1224	physical_attribute	blonde
user1225	like_general	cars
user1225	have_vehicle	truck
user1225	have_vehicle	ford
user1225	have_vehicle	ford
user1226	have	hair
user1226	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user1226	dislike	country
user1226	have_vehicle	ford
user1227	misc_attribute	responsible
user1227	has_hobby	drinking
user1227	like_drink	alcohol
user1228	like_activity	mountain biking
user1228	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user1228	like_activity	traveling
user1228	like_activity	hiking
user1228	has_hobby	environmentalist
user1229	have	bowled a 300 twice
user1229	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user1229	has_hobby	building furniture
user1229	job_status	employed
user1230	physical_attribute	short
user1230	like_activity	sewing
user1230	physical_attribute	brunette
user1230	physical_attribute	overweight
user1230	have_pet	1 cat
user1231	have_vehicle	prius
user1231	like_read	romance
user1231	employed_by_general	army
user1231	has_profession	builder
user1231	physical_attribute	freckles
user1232	has_ability	play instrument
user1232	have_pet	1 dog
user1232	has_ability	play instrument
user1233	not_have	pet
user1233	have	car
user1233	have_vehicle	car
user1233	has_profession	scout
user1234	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user1234	have_chidren	2 children
user1234	have_chidren	2 children
user1234	has_profession	physical therapist
user1234	have_pet	3 dog
user1235	member_of	band
user1235	like_drink	beer
user1235	have_pet	horse
user1236	have_chidren	3 children
user1236	other	named after my grandmother
user1236	have	friend
user1236	like_activity	walking
user1236	own	honda civic
user1237	employed_by_general	bank
user1237	has_hobby	teapots
user1237	like_animal	cat
user1237	marital_status	divorced
user1238	have_pet	3 dog
user1238	have_chidren	2 children
user1238	marital_status	married
user1238	like_general	flowers
user1239	have_vehicle	ford
user1239	have	hair
user1239	dislike	country
user1240	has_profession	doctor
user1240	has_hobby	baseball
user1240	have_chidren	2 children
user1241	misc_attribute	funny
user1241	have_vehicle	honda
user1241	have_pet	3 cat
user1241	like_food	candy
user1241	has_profession	package delivery
user1242	attend_school	university
user1242	school_status	major in business administration
user1242	have_family	partner
user1243	other	allergic to shellfish
user1243	like_sports	equestrian
user1243	like_activity	dancing
user1243	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user1244	marital_status	engaged
user1244	marital_status	engaged
user1245	like_activity	drawing
user1245	like_drink	tea
user1245	like_sports	cycling
user1245	like_food	egg
user1246	live_in_general	alone
user1246	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user1246	has_profession	engineer
user1246	like_activity	photography
user1247	has_profession	actor
user1247	has_profession	actor
user1247	has_hobby	filmmaking
user1247	previous_profession	actor
user1248	have	girlfriend
user1248	employed_by_general	bookstore
user1248	physical_attribute	pink hair
user1249	like_music	country
user1249	like_sports	surfing
user1249	previous_profession	clown
user1250	other	am a widow
user1250	like_drink	coffee
user1250	favorite_activity	gardening
user1251	like_activity	gardening
user1251	gender	male
user1251	like_food	pizza
user1251	favorite_music_artist	ween
user1251	like_activity	painting
user1252	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user1252	live_in_general	apartment
user1252	dislike	coffee
user1252	has_profession	finance
user1253	has_age	20
user1253	like_general	blue
user1253	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1253	gender	transfemale
user1254	misc_attribute	attentive
user1254	like_general	sunny day
user1254	like_general	winning
user1254	like_drink	coffee
user1255	like_activity	walking
user1255	have_chidren	3 children
user1255	own	honda civic
user1255	have	friend
user1256	has_hobby	working out
user1256	favorite_book	middlesex
user1256	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user1256	dislike	country and jazz music
user1257	attend_school	elementary
user1257	like_read	twilight
user1257	have	glasses
user1257	dislike	skiing
user1258	like_general	place
user1258	own	wear contacts
user1258	misc_attribute	intelligent
user1258	has_profession	janitor
user1259	has_ability	running
user1259	has_hobby	snowboarding
user1259	have_chidren	child
user1259	dislike	running
user1260	has_hobby	dancing
user1260	job_status	unemployed
user1260	physical_attribute	red hair
user1260	marital_status	engaged
user1261	other	has driven race car
user1261	want_do	<blank>
user1261	misc_attribute	physical
user1261	misc_attribute	personable
user1262	like_activity	singing
user1262	has_hobby	writing
user1262	want_do	<blank>
user1262	<blank>	<blank>
user1262	favorite_color	black
user1263	has_ability	play instrument
user1263	want_do	home
user1263	has_profession	musician
user1263	like_activity	<blank>
user1263	have	friend
user1264	has_age	7
user1264	like_sports	soccer
user1264	school_status	rejected
user1265	attend_school	stanford
user1265	has_profession	athlete
user1265	marital_status	married
user1265	favorite	thierry henry
user1266	has_hobby	puzzles
user1266	like_music	country
user1266	has_profession	teacher
user1266	has_profession	writer
user1267	dislike	traveling
user1267	favorite	iphone
user1267	misc_attribute	confused
user1267	like_activity	hiking
user1267	has_profession	banker
user1268	misc_attribute	persistent
user1268	has_hobby	cooking
user1268	misc_attribute	talent
user1268	attend_school	classes
user1269	has_hobby	hiking
user1269	has_profession	accountant
user1269	favorite	bob ross
user1269	other	vegan
user1270	like_activity	clubbing
user1270	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user1270	own	universe
user1270	has_profession	dental assistant
user1271	has_profession	actor
user1271	has_hobby	filmmaking
user1271	previous_profession	actor
user1271	has_profession	actor
user1271	has_profession	actor
user1272	like_goto	italy
user1272	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user1272	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1272	has_hobby	yoga
user1273	have	taught
user1273	has_profession	zoologist
user1273	job_status	with wife
user1274	has_profession	receptionist
user1274	like_general	brothers
user1274	favorite_place	disney world
user1274	like_read	crime
user1274	have_pet	2 dog
user1275	favorite	holiday is halloween
user1275	own	bike
user1275	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user1275	like_drink	milk shakes
user1275	have_pet	dog
user1276	employed_by_general	hotel
user1276	favorite_music	pop
user1276	like_food	junk food
user1276	like_activity	video games
user1276	has_hobby	writing
user1277	place_origin	deep south
user1277	dislike	seafood
user1277	like_activity	hunting
user1277	like_general	blue
user1278	attend_school	university
user1278	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1278	want_job	teacher
user1279	favorite_color	purple
user1279	favorite_music_artist	worn
user1279	own	home
user1279	like_sports	swimming
user1280	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user1280	has_profession	teacher
user1280	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user1280	have_chidren	2 son
user1281	has_hobby	soccer
user1281	has_hobby	goalie
user1281	misc_attribute	team player
user1281	other	42 number is
user1281	favorite	nike cleats
user1282	dislike	seafood
user1282	like_activity	hunting
user1282	like_general	blue
user1282	place_origin	deep south
user1283	misc_attribute	night owl
user1283	favorite_animal	pug
user1283	school_status	graduate student
user1283	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user1284	want_job	explorer
user1284	like_general	blue
user1284	dislike	job
user1284	like_goto	india
user1284	has_profession	athlete
user1285	own	bowie knife
user1285	has_hobby	weight lifting
user1285	like_watching	mma
user1285	school_status	student
user1285	like_drink	water with protein powder
user1286	like_general	fashion
user1286	like_general	fashion designers
user1286	want_job	designer
user1286	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user1286	like_activity	shopping
user1287	have_pet	dog
user1287	like_activity	video games
user1287	like_food	beef
user1287	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user1287	other	<blank>
user1288	like_food	sushi
user1288	attend_school	graduate school
user1288	has_hobby	cooking
user1288	school_status	student
user1289	dislike	all
user1289	like_activity	roleplay
user1289	like_general	morning
user1289	like_general	cars
user1290	have_pet	2 dog
user1290	has_ability	speak language
user1290	has_profession	artist
user1290	has_hobby	hiking
user1290	want_do	move
user1291	physical_attribute	overweight
user1291	has_hobby	video games
user1291	has_profession	baker
user1291	like_animal	cat
user1291	have_family	husband
user1292	like_general	summer
user1292	have_chidren	2 children
user1292	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user1292	like_food	mexican cuisine
user1293	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user1293	has_profession	designer
user1293	want_job	animator
user1293	like_music	classical
user1294	has_profession	lawyer
user1294	own	0 television
user1294	has_hobby	photography
user1294	live_in_general	mountains
user1294	has_ability	pilot
user1295	employed_by_general	doctors office
user1295	marital_status	single
user1295	like_animal	dog
user1295	like_read	<blank>
user1295	favorite	flower is a lily
user1296	like_activity	travel
user1296	like_music	chainsmokers
user1296	like_activity	tennis
user1297	other	vegan
user1297	like_watching	game of thrones
user1297	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user1297	like_sports	soccer
user1298	want_do	climbing
user1298	have	shot lion
user1298	like_activity	sculpting
user1298	has_hobby	artist
user1299	other	did not know my dad
user1299	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user1299	have	3 tattoos
user1300	like_activity	dance
user1300	like_read	history
user1300	place_origin	new hampshire
user1300	like_food	mexican cuisine
user1300	has_profession	teacher
user1301	place_origin	farm
user1301	has_age	18
user1301	like_goto	rock concerts
user1301	like_activity	with friends
user1302	like_watching	make up tutorials
user1302	have	50000 subcribers
user1302	has_ability	apply make-up
user1302	has_hobby	youtube
user1302	attend_school	beauty classes
user1303	like_activity	photography
user1303	like_activity	hiking
user1303	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user1303	live_in_general	alone
user1304	dislike	tofu
user1304	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1304	have_vehicle	prius
user1305	like_activity	shopping
user1305	have	friends
user1305	own	bmw
user1305	marital_status	single
user1306	place_origin	england
user1306	like_goto	comedy clubs
user1306	like_general	model building
user1306	have_family	0 mother
user1306	like_activity	camping
user1307	like_animal	animals
user1307	employed_by_company	peta
user1307	job_status	employed
user1307	other	vegetarian
user1307	like_activity	sewing
user1308	like_general	smelling my own farts
user1308	physical_attribute	fat
user1308	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user1308	misc_attribute	generous
user1308	like_general	blame
user1309	has_ability	play instrument
user1309	have	boyfriend
user1309	favorite_color	yellow
user1310	like_general	to chat with my friends
user1310	like_goto	movie theater
user1310	like_read	in a series
user1310	like_goto	restaurant
user1310	like_activity	driving
user1311	favorite_activity	fishing
user1311	favorite_activity	float the river
user1311	like_food	ice cream
user1311	has_ability	running
user1312	has_profession	roofer
user1312	have	a beer
user1312	favorite_food	steak
user1312	have_vehicle	truck
user1313	gender	female
user1313	like_activity	art projects
user1313	like_general	family
user1313	like_activity	traveling
user1314	favorite_season	spring
user1314	like_activity	walks on the beach
user1314	has_profession	graphic designer
user1314	marital_status	single
user1315	employed_by_general	theater
user1315	marital_status	engaged
user1315	like_read	history
user1315	like_animal	animals
user1316	like_drink	mountain dew
user1316	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user1316	favorite_hobby	chess
user1316	have	pink hair
user1317	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user1317	school_status	did not graduate
user1318	like_animal	dog
user1318	like_music	indie
user1318	misc_attribute	picky
user1318	want_job	teacher
user1318	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user1319	attend_school	welding
user1319	<blank>	<blank>
user1319	has_profession	contractor
user1319	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user1319	have_family	mother
user1320	has_profession	mechanic
user1320	like_activity	fishing
user1320	favorite_food	hamburger
user1320	live_in_general	alone
user1320	has_hobby	watching television
user1321	misc_attribute	ambitious
user1321	like_general	dress up
user1321	dislike	cooking
user1321	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1322	misc_attribute	healthy
user1322	like_food	italian cuisine
user1322	favorite_food	pizza
user1322	other	tom
user1322	other	east asian
user1323	has_ability	film making
user1323	has_hobby	travel
user1323	like_activity	reenactment
user1323	has_ability	6 tv news
user1324	other	hippie
user1324	have_vehicle	van
user1324	physical_attribute	red hair
user1324	like_activity	recycling
user1324	have	2 tattoos
user1325	has_ability	speak language
user1325	have_chidren	3 children
user1325	like_activity	cooking
user1325	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1326	like_activity	football
user1326	physical_attribute	beard
user1326	have_pet	dog
user1326	like_sports	cycling
user1327	like_food	cupcakes
user1327	like_read	<blank>
user1327	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1327	like_general	blue
user1328	misc_attribute	anxious
user1328	attend_school	alabama university
user1328	dislike	alcohol
user1328	have	girlfriend
user1329	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user1329	favorite	hero
user1329	favorite_season	summer
user1329	dislike	dresses
user1329	like_animal	butterfly
user1330	like_goto	restaurant
user1330	like_music	drake
user1330	like_activity	cooking
user1330	like_music	rap
user1330	has_ability	play instrument
user1331	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user1331	dislike	coffee
user1331	has_profession	finance
user1331	like_sports	soccer
user1332	dislike	left turns
user1332	have_vehicle	honda
user1332	school_status	failing
user1332	have_sibling	4 sibling
user1332	job_status	employed
user1333	like_read	history
user1333	has_profession	technician
user1333	like_sports	softball
user1334	has_hobby	movies
user1334	want_job	restauranteur
user1334	has_profession	chef
user1334	favorite_color	hunter green
user1334	like_activity	cooking
user1335	misc_attribute	intelligent
user1335	own	wear contacts
user1335	like_drink	whiskey
user1335	has_profession	janitor
user1335	like_general	place
user1336	like_activity	cooking
user1336	has_profession	9 to 5
user1336	has_hobby	volunteer
user1337	like_activity	sewing
user1337	employed_by_company	peta
user1337	like_animal	animals
user1337	other	vegetarian
user1337	job_status	employed
user1338	have_pet	cat
user1338	favorite_color	orange
user1338	has_profession	barista
user1338	favorite	rose
user1338	other	vegan
user1339	physical_attribute	olive
user1339	own	purse
user1339	have	green eyes
user1339	have	glasses
user1339	want_job	librarian
user1340	physical_attribute	blonde
user1340	attend_school	high school
user1340	like_activity	skateboarding
user1341	have_pet	cat
user1341	like_watching	movies
user1341	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user1341	like_food	taco
user1341	like_music	funk rock
user1342	has_profession	artist
user1342	own	2 hoop earrings
user1342	have_pet	named charlie
user1342	like_general	the nighttime
user1343	have_family	parents
user1343	has_hobby	sketching
user1343	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user1343	like_watching	anime
user1344	have_chidren	2 daughter
user1344	like_activity	story telling
user1344	have_family	0 husband
user1344	want_job	writer
user1344	teach	english literature
user1345	have	long fingers
user1345	other	am dumpy
user1345	dislike	shrimp
user1345	physical_attribute	long legs
user1346	like_read	crime
user1346	has_profession	zoologist
user1346	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user1346	favorite_animal	panda
user1347	physical_attribute	brunette
user1347	like_read	science fiction
user1347	favorite_music	rock opera
user1347	like_food	tuna fish
user1348	dislike	waiting in line
user1348	have_sibling	sister
user1348	have	photo
user1348	own	5 pairs of same pants
user1348	like_music	justin bieber
user1349	marital_status	single
user1349	like_goto	nature
user1349	has_profession	teacher
user1349	favorite_food	salad
user1350	like_read	crime
user1350	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user1350	school_status	graduate student
user1351	has_hobby	gymnastics
user1351	physical_attribute	tall
user1351	like_music	the beatles
user1351	has_profession	scientist
user1352	marital_status	20 married
user1352	favorite_sport	football
user1352	previous_profession	veteran
user1352	job_status	volunteer
user1352	like_activity	traveling
user1353	marital_status	dating
user1353	favorite	daisy
user1353	employed_by_general	real estate
user1353	like_activity	singing
user1354	physical_attribute	red hair
user1354	misc_attribute	friendly
user1354	dislike	music
user1354	have_vehicle	scooter
user1355	has_profession	teacher
user1355	has_profession	teacher
user1355	has_hobby	watching television
user1355	has_hobby	reading
user1356	like_animal	dog
user1356	gender	female
user1356	like_food	sushi
user1356	own	car
user1356	like_general	blue
user1357	has_hobby	writing
user1357	marital_status	divorced
user1357	like_animal	dog
user1357	want	corvette
user1357	has_profession	mall cop
user1358	previous_profession	marine
user1358	other	vegetarian
user1358	has_profession	bartender
user1358	has_hobby	reading
user1359	own	wear contacts
user1359	like_food	carrots
user1359	physical_attribute	athletic
user1359	physical_attribute	brunette
user1360	like_general	sunny day
user1360	misc_attribute	not obligated
user1360	like_general	winning
user1360	like_drink	coffee
user1360	misc_attribute	smart
user1361	misc_attribute	flashy
user1361	attend_school	university
user1361	want_do	botox
user1362	like_music	queens of the stone age
user1362	like_food	french fries
user1362	own	olympic medal
user1362	has_hobby	skydiving
user1363	have_pet	horse
user1363	physical_attribute	pregnant
user1363	live_in_general	country
user1364	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user1364	has_hobby	traveling
user1364	like_general	cabins in the woods
user1364	has_hobby	traveling
user1364	like_activity	swimming
user1365	has_profession	mechanic
user1365	gender	male
user1365	has_age	25
user1365	have_pet	doberman
user1366	have_pet	3 pets
user1366	like_animal	<blank>
user1366	other	dieting
user1366	like_goto	gym
user1366	want_job	veterinarian
user1367	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user1367	misc_attribute	slow
user1367	want	vacation
user1367	job_status	employed
user1368	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user1368	other	allergic to shellfish
user1368	like_sports	equestrian
user1368	like_activity	dancing
user1369	like_animal	<blank>
user1369	like_watching	wildlife
user1369	have_pet	several
user1369	like_goto	animal shelters
user1369	like_watching	animals
user1370	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user1370	live_in_general	rural
user1370	employed_by_company	amazon
user1370	other	conservative
user1370	favorite_activity	robotics
user1371	misc_attribute	often late
user1371	physical_attribute	short
user1371	want	porsche
user1371	like_watching	stars
user1372	misc_attribute	smart
user1372	member_of	other club
user1372	attend_school	high school
user1372	misc_attribute	healthy
user1373	school_status	graduated
user1373	has_profession	surgeon
user1373	have_chidren	1 daughter
user1374	want_job	artist
user1374	misc_attribute	organized
user1374	like_general	saving money
user1374	other	am a couponer
user1374	like_activity	shopping
user1375	like_goto	gym
user1375	have_pet	cat
user1375	favorite_food	chicken
user1375	like_music	metallica
user1375	like_read	autobiographies
user1376	want	live in iceland
user1376	like_general	cold winters
user1376	want	something interesting
user1376	like_music	strange music
user1376	want	to be able to write in cursive
user1377	favorite_color	purple
user1377	has_hobby	swimming
user1377	gender	female
user1377	has_degree	masters
user1378	have_chidren	2 children
user1378	like_watching	western
user1378	has_profession	yoga instruction
user1378	want_do	travel
user1379	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user1379	has_profession	public relations
user1379	place_origin	seattle
user1379	other	buddhist
user1380	has_hobby	martial arts
user1380	has_age	10
user1380	has_profession	safety patrol
user1381	physical_attribute	purple hair
user1381	like_general	red
user1381	have_pet	2 reptile
user1381	<blank>	<blank>
user1382	misc_attribute	friendly
user1382	<blank>	smoking
user1382	have	10 piercings
user1382	like_activity	driving
user1383	like_activity	dancing
user1383	like_music	country
user1383	other	vegan
user1383	like_animal	animals
user1384	has_profession	poet
user1384	member_of	hobby club
user1384	have_pet	fish
user1384	has_hobby	donating clothes
user1385	physical_attribute	buff
user1385	has_hobby	weight lifting
user1385	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user1385	has_profession	athlete
user1386	like_general	money
user1386	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user1386	other	feet smell
user1387	like_general	baltimore ravens
user1387	has_profession	athlete
user1387	has_hobby	football
user1387	like_sports	football
user1387	has_hobby	football
user1388	like_food	meat
user1388	employed_by_company	online
user1388	like_music	the story so far
user1388	like_goto	festivals
user1389	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user1389	favorite_animal	pug
user1389	school_status	graduate student
user1389	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user1390	have	photo
user1390	dislike	waiting in line
user1390	own	5 pairs of same pants
user1390	like_music	justin bieber
user1391	school_status	student
user1391	has_profession	receptionist
user1391	has_profession	receptionist
user1391	other	name is mary
user1391	school_status	student
user1392	school_status	graduated
user1392	like_animal	dog
user1392	like_activity	shopping
user1392	other	vegetarian
user1393	want_do	go to europe
user1393	like_activity	shopping
user1393	have	never
user1393	gender	female
user1393	like_activity	dancing
user1394	physical_attribute	long hair
user1394	want_do	buy
user1394	previous_profession	movie theater
user1394	like_food	spicy
user1394	has_hobby	running
user1395	like_watching	youtube
user1395	like_general	lets plays
user1396	school_status	student
user1396	other	parents are doctors
user1396	has_hobby	community theater
user1396	like_general	love
user1397	like_goto	pool
user1397	job_status	employed
user1397	has_hobby	yoga
user1397	like_activity	shopping
user1397	not_have	child
user1398	employed_by_general	online
user1398	like_music	the story so far
user1398	previous_profession	musician
user1398	previous_profession	factory worker
user1398	like_food	meat
user1399	have_chidren	2 children
user1399	like_food	cheesecake
user1399	favorite_movie	16 candles
user1399	like_activity	running
user1400	has_age	15
user1400	other	braces
user1400	attend_school	high school
user1401	like_animal	sharks
user1401	has_hobby	reading
user1401	other	vegetarian
user1401	like_activity	dance
user1401	misc_attribute	witty
user1402	own	wear contacts
user1402	has_profession	janitor
user1402	like_drink	whiskey
user1402	like_general	place
user1403	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user1403	like_read	books
user1403	school_status	student
user1403	like_read	1984
user1404	favorite_food	italian
user1404	dislike	country and jazz music
user1404	has_hobby	working out
user1404	favorite_book	middlesex
user1405	want_job	writer
user1405	has_profession	actor
user1405	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user1405	like_activity	painting
user1406	like_goto	water
user1406	like_general	cartoons
user1406	like_general	audiobookms
user1406	have_family	mother
user1407	has_profession	accountant
user1407	like_read	horror
user1407	like_general	blue
user1407	like_goto	the lake
user1408	has_hobby	biking
user1408	like_activity	drawing
user1408	have_sibling	5 sibling
user1408	has_profession	waitress
user1409	like_general	red
user1409	school_status	student
user1409	have_pet	dog
user1410	misc_attribute	tired
user1410	has_hobby	watching movies
user1410	have_chidren	children
user1410	like_activity	cleaning
user1410	like_food	fast food
user1411	like_food	chinese
user1411	marital_status	single
user1411	has_profession	make robots
user1411	like_general	going to bed late
user1411	have	bas social life
user1412	like_read	twilight
user1412	have	glasses
user1412	attend_school	elementary
user1412	dislike	skiing
user1413	has_hobby	collecting
user1413	like_food	cakes
user1413	misc_attribute	lust
user1413	physical_attribute	hears voices
user1413	misc_attribute	argumentative
user1414	want_do	climbing
user1414	have	shot lion
user1414	misc_attribute	sad
user1414	like_activity	sculpting
user1414	has_hobby	artist
user1415	live_in_general	studio apartment
user1415	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user1415	want_job	nurse
user1415	have_family	3 sister
user1415	has_profession	paramedic
user1416	dislike	waiting in line
user1416	own	5 pairs of same pants
user1416	like_music	justin bieber
user1416	have_sibling	sister
user1416	have	photo
user1417	have_vehicle	car
user1417	like_music	0 toto
user1417	like_food	meatloaf
user1417	have_pet	dog
user1418	have	green eyes
user1418	own	purse
user1418	other	wear glasses
user1418	physical_attribute	olive
user1419	job_status	employed
user1419	has_hobby	video games
user1419	favorite_color	green
user1419	like_goto	park
user1420	have	started a fire
user1420	own	an edged weapon
user1420	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user1420	has_ability	speak language
user1421	like_general	silver
user1421	have	tattoos
user1421	school_status	student
user1421	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1422	like_music	classic rock
user1422	like_activity	fixing
user1422	like_drink	beer
user1422	employed_by_general	large company
user1422	like_activity	darts
user1423	have_vehicle	car
user1423	has_profession	accountant
user1423	like_sports	running
user1423	have_pet	2 dog
user1423	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user1424	other	cat person
user1424	own	cell phone
user1424	like_drink	alcohol
user1424	member_of	hobby club
user1425	want	someone
user1425	like_activity	cooking
user1425	have_pet	3 dog
user1425	employed_by_general	architect firm
user1425	like_activity	fishing
user1426	favorite	superman
user1426	have_chidren	partner
user1426	have_sibling	twins
user1426	dislike	heights
user1426	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user1427	like_read	books
user1427	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user1427	like_activity	video games
user1427	dislike	alcohol
user1427	employed_by_general	marketing
user1428	has_hobby	martial arts
user1428	has_age	10
user1428	has_profession	safety patrol
user1428	like_read	harry potter
user1429	misc_attribute	above average
user1429	like_activity	gossiping
user1429	misc_attribute	organized
user1429	dislike	kissing
user1429	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user1430	has_hobby	pet
user1430	school_status	student
user1430	like_watching	stars
user1430	want	porsche
user1431	favorite_season	winter
user1431	dislike	swimsuits
user1431	other	am frugal
user1432	like_goto	museum
user1432	school_status	student
user1432	like_goto	dates
user1432	other	vegan
user1433	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user1433	want	pot bellied pig
user1433	like_read	anne of green gables
user1434	attend_school	high school
user1434	misc_attribute	smart
user1434	misc_attribute	healthy
user1434	misc_attribute	social
user1434	member_of	other club
user1435	like_activity	cooking
user1435	like_music	frank sinatra
user1435	like_food	cheese
user1435	like_watching	spongebob
user1435	gender	female
user1436	has_hobby	writing
user1436	like_food	junk food
user1436	employed_by_general	hotel
user1436	favorite_music	pop
user1437	misc_attribute	healthy
user1437	attend_school	high school
user1437	member_of	other club
user1437	misc_attribute	social
user1438	like_food	wings
user1438	have_chidren	3 children
user1438	like_activity	singing
user1438	place_origin	trailer park
user1439	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user1439	have_pet	dog
user1439	favorite	holiday is halloween
user1439	own	bike
user1439	like_drink	milk shakes
user1440	marital_status	engaged
user1440	marital_status	engaged
user1440	marital_status	engaged
user1441	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user1441	misc_attribute	night owl
user1441	school_status	graduate student
user1441	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user1442	has_profession	salesman
user1442	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user1442	live_in_general	farm
user1442	like_food	beets
user1443	other	hungry
user1443	marital_status	married
user1443	other	<blank>
user1443	misc_attribute	insecure
user1443	want	corvette
user1444	want_do	pilot
user1444	like_general	colors
user1444	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user1444	has_profession	mortician
user1445	member_of	church
user1445	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user1445	other	vegan
user1445	misc_attribute	ocd
user1446	favorite_color	yellow
user1446	job_status	unemployed
user1446	has_profession	babysitter
user1446	like_activity	riding the bus
user1447	has_hobby	running
user1447	favorite_place	american eagle
user1447	dislike	vegetables
user1447	favorite	chevy duramax
user1448	other	help with bookeeping
user1448	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user1448	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user1448	like_food	food with no animal product
user1449	live_in_general	bed
user1449	like_activity	video games
user1449	like_activity	social media
user1449	have_pet	<blank>
user1449	employed_by_general	home
user1450	other	gay
user1450	has_ability	brewing
user1450	have	1 new house
user1450	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user1450	like_activity	making coffee
user1451	physical_attribute	athletic
user1451	school_status	student
user1451	want	responsible
user1451	misc_attribute	distrustful
user1451	have	friends
user1452	like_activity	football
user1452	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1452	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user1452	other	christian
user1453	has_profession	psychologist
user1453	have_family	sibling
user1453	has_hobby	geocache
user1453	<blank>	play instrument
user1453	like_food	chocolate
user1454	favorite_place	disney world
user1454	have_pet	2 dog
user1454	like_read	crime
user1454	like_general	brothers
user1455	employed_by_company	online
user1455	like_food	meat
user1455	like_music	the story so far
user1456	attend_school	university
user1456	other	flew out of country
user1456	like_sports	hockey
user1456	have_family	1 sibling
user1457	like_general	furniture
user1457	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user1457	has_ability	play instrument
user1457	own	cds
user1457	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user1458	like_activity	shopping
user1458	like_food	<blank>
user1458	like_activity	cooking
user1458	like_activity	chatting with friends
user1459	like_read	<blank>
user1459	like_activity	game halo
user1459	employed_by_general	magazine
user1459	favorite_color	yellow
user1459	like_activity	working out
user1460	employed_by_general	home
user1460	live_in_general	bed
user1460	like_activity	video games
user1460	like_activity	social media
user1461	like_food	gluten free
user1461	has_profession	writer
user1461	have_pet	1 dog
user1461	like_activity	rock climbing
user1461	physical_attribute	hair is black
user1462	have_family	father
user1462	have	princess bed
user1462	have_family	mother
user1463	favorite_animal	panda
user1463	like_read	crime
user1463	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user1463	has_profession	zoologist
user1463	like_food	egg
user1464	has_hobby	photography
user1464	like_activity	traveling
user1464	<blank>	<blank>
user1464	like_activity	baking
user1464	has_profession	chef
user1465	nationality	british
user1465	like_general	blue
user1465	have_pet	5 cat
user1466	misc_attribute	nerd
user1466	like_general	computers
user1466	has_ability	math
user1466	have_sibling	sibling
user1466	like_activity	0 thinking
user1467	like_activity	recycling
user1467	have_vehicle	van
user1467	other	hippie
user1467	have	2 tattoos
user1467	physical_attribute	red hair
user1468	have_pet	1 cat
user1468	physical_attribute	brunette
user1468	like_activity	sewing
user1468	physical_attribute	overweight
user1468	physical_attribute	short
user1469	other	lives with a roommate
user1469	job_status	employed
user1469	dislike	beer
user1469	favorite_animal	koala
user1470	has_hobby	surfing
user1470	like_read	twilight
user1470	want_do	eat: insect
user1470	like_music	jason mraz
user1470	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user1471	<blank>	<blank>
user1471	like_watching	comedy
user1471	favorite_color	green
user1472	like_animal	dog
user1472	has_age	15
user1472	school_status	student
user1472	want_job	veterinarian
user1473	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user1473	like_music	classic rock
user1473	attend_school	local college
user1473	has_hobby	watching television
user1473	like_food	vegetarian
user1474	like_activity	sewing
user1474	has_profession	teacher
user1474	like_general	recycling
user1474	like_activity	fashion
user1474	like_goto	thrift shops
user1475	like_general	money
user1475	other	feet smell
user1475	physical_attribute	blonde
user1475	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user1476	has_hobby	running
user1476	like_activity	video games
user1476	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user1476	like_activity	swimming
user1476	have	medication
user1477	has_profession	baseball player
user1477	has_ability	play instrument
user1477	favorite_color	green
user1477	like_read	history
user1478	has_profession	paramedic
user1478	live_in_general	studio apartment
user1478	want_job	nurse
user1478	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user1478	have_family	3 sister
user1479	physical_attribute	not a blond
user1479	misc_attribute	quick
user1479	own	car
user1479	like_general	food trucks
user1480	employed_by_general	retailer
user1480	own	honda civic
user1480	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user1480	like_activity	rock climbing
user1481	have_sibling	3 sibling
user1481	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user1481	like_activity	drawing
user1481	like_general	blue
user1482	like_animal	butterfly
user1482	like_general	my little pony
user1482	like_activity	being weird
user1482	like_watching	anime
user1482	like_animal	cat
user1483	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user1483	like_general	smelling my own farts
user1483	like_general	blame
user1483	physical_attribute	fat
user1483	misc_attribute	generous
user1484	like_activity	football
user1484	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user1484	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1484	other	christian
user1485	like_activity	cooking
user1485	like_activity	travel
user1485	has_ability	play instrument
user1485	like_music	classical
user1485	has_ability	play instrument
user1486	like_sports	hockey
user1486	have_family	mother
user1486	attend_school	high school
user1486	has_hobby	travel
user1487	misc_attribute	happy
user1487	like_music	the mutineers
user1487	like_activity	reading
user1487	has_ability	sing many songs
user1488	employed_by_general	office
user1488	have_pet	cat
user1488	like_activity	shopping
user1488	favorite_hobby	knitting
user1488	have	2 tattoos
user1489	want	corvette
user1489	other	hungry
user1489	other	<blank>
user1489	misc_attribute	insecure
user1490	like_watching	ufc fights
user1490	like_activity	travel
user1490	employed_by_general	factory
user1491	marital_status	married
user1491	like_activity	art projects
user1491	like_activity	traveling
user1491	like_general	family
user1492	want_do	10 own horses
user1492	other	am lonely
user1492	have	90000 dollars
user1492	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user1493	has_profession	teacher
user1493	favorite	donna karen clothes
user1493	has_hobby	singing
user1493	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user1493	misc_attribute	religious
user1494	have	appeared on jeopardy
user1494	like_activity	pottery
user1494	misc_attribute	unstable
user1494	other	recovering alcoholic
user1494	like_activity	refurbishing
user1495	like_food	chocolate
user1495	own	garden
user1495	like_watching	anime
user1495	own	2 laptops
user1496	other	vegetarian
user1496	like_activity	reading
user1496	like_activity	reading
user1496	like_watching	tv
user1496	favorite_book	harry potter books
user1497	like_food	meat
user1497	has_ability	swim
user1497	previous_profession	not stated
user1497	like_general	anime
user1498	like_activity	fishing
user1498	employed_by_general	architect firm
user1498	like_activity	cooking
user1498	have_pet	3 dog
user1498	want	someone
user1499	has_profession	pharmacist
user1499	misc_attribute	wild
user1499	have_chidren	grandchildren
user1499	like_music	classical
user1500	marital_status	married
user1500	have	husband
user1500	has_ability	play instrument
user1500	has_profession	nurse
user1501	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user1501	attend_school	in a year
user1501	want	any car
user1501	has_age	18
user1502	own	honda civic
user1502	like_movie	django unchained
user1502	like_activity	rock climbing
user1502	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user1502	employed_by_general	retailer
user1503	attend_school	high school
user1503	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1503	gender	male
user1503	has_hobby	ice hockey
user1503	favorite	math
user1504	like_general	tall men
user1504	physical_attribute	red hair
user1504	has_hobby	cooking
user1504	has_hobby	running
user1504	have_pet	2 dog
user1505	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user1505	like_sports	running
user1505	has_profession	accountant
user1505	have_vehicle	car
user1505	have_pet	2 dog
user1506	attend_school	high school
user1506	gender	female
user1506	like_activity	skateboarding
user1506	physical_attribute	blonde
user1507	teach	kindergarten
user1507	has_hobby	kayaking
user1507	has_profession	teacher
user1508	place_origin	san francisco
user1508	like_activity	travel
user1508	have_sibling	1 sister
user1508	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user1509	like_activity	dancing
user1509	has_profession	engineer
user1509	has_hobby	traveling
user1509	has_profession	technician
user1510	other	childhood
user1510	like_activity	surfing
user1510	marital_status	married
user1510	has_profession	nurse
user1510	has_profession	baker
user1511	live_in_general	alone
user1511	have_family	<blank>
user1511	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user1511	like_activity	hiking
user1511	dislike	formal situations
user1512	want_job	astronaut
user1512	like_food	lasagna
user1512	have_vehicle	car
user1512	have_pet	2 dog
user1513	has_hobby	chess
user1513	have	high speed internet
user1513	has_profession	security guard
user1513	other	saw a solar eclipse
user1514	have_pet	dog
user1514	employed_by_company	<blank>
user1514	other	carnivore
user1514	misc_attribute	educated
user1515	place_origin	austin
user1515	want_do	photography
user1515	like_activity	cooking
user1515	misc_attribute	sensitive
user1515	like_general	social media
user1516	want_job	veterinarian
user1516	like_animal	<blank>
user1516	like_goto	gym
user1516	have_pet	3 pets
user1516	other	dieting
user1517	live_in_general	studio apartment
user1517	have_family	3 sister
user1517	want_job	nurse
user1517	has_profession	paramedic
user1517	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user1518	has_age	71
user1518	like_activity	gardening
user1518	like_food	vegetables
user1518	favorite_food	carrots
user1519	employed_by_general	hospital
user1519	like_read	<blank>
user1519	marital_status	divorced
user1519	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user1520	like_general	art
user1520	have	severe anxiety disorder
user1520	other	pregnant
user1521	like_food	nachos
user1521	has_hobby	filmng
user1521	dislike	popcorn
user1522	employed_by_company	online
user1522	like_music	the story so far
user1522	like_goto	festivals
user1523	attend_school	graduate school
user1523	other	hindu
user1523	marital_status	divorced
user1523	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user1524	has_ability	play instrument
user1524	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user1524	have_sibling	brother
user1524	have	0 cities
user1525	has_hobby	reading
user1525	misc_attribute	artistic
user1525	like_activity	role play
user1525	like_watching	anime
user1526	want_job	actress
user1526	favorite_animal	zebra
user1526	employed_by_general	arena
user1526	have	allergy
user1527	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user1527	other	premature
user1527	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user1527	have_sibling	1 sister
user1528	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user1528	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user1528	has_ability	speak language
user1528	own	an edged weapon
user1529	have_pet	2 dog
user1529	want	travel
user1529	favorite_music	rock
user1529	has_profession	farmer
user1530	place_origin	france
user1530	want_do	soccer
user1530	have_sibling	brother
user1530	school_status	student
user1530	like_sports	soccer
user1531	dislike	career
user1531	has_hobby	writing
user1531	job_status	unemployed
user1531	want_job	author
user1532	favorite_music_artist	ween
user1532	gender	male
user1532	like_activity	painting
user1532	like_activity	gardening
user1532	like_food	pizza
user1533	misc_attribute	aloof
user1533	other	see therapist
user1534	like_food	sweets
user1534	like_music	bruno mars
user1534	like_activity	sleeping
user1534	has_hobby	cs and ds
user1534	attend_school	high school
user1535	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1535	like_food	italian cuisine
user1535	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user1535	like_goto	italy
user1536	job_status	unemployed
user1536	other	diabetic
user1536	like_activity	video games
user1537	has_hobby	geocache
user1537	have_family	sibling
user1537	like_food	chocolate
user1537	has_profession	psychologist
user1538	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1538	attend_school	university
user1538	want_job	teacher
user1539	like_general	sunshine
user1539	has_hobby	driving
user1539	have_family	grandchild
user1539	like_animal	dragon
user1539	misc_attribute	confused
user1540	marital_status	married
user1540	has_profession	baseball player
user1540	job_status	employed
user1540	has_profession	baseball player
user1541	want	house on beach
user1541	like_music	pop
user1541	like_food	mcdonalds
user1541	like_watching	nascar
user1542	want_job	teacher
user1542	has_degree	american literature and education
user1542	has_hobby	hiking
user1542	school_status	graduated
user1543	dislike	social obligations
user1543	like_sports	running
user1543	dislike	eating out
user1543	like_watching	foreign
user1544	dislike	chalk
user1544	have_pet	cat
user1544	favorite_drink	coffee
user1544	has_hobby	gymnastics
user1545	like_animal	animals
user1545	have_chidren	1 son
user1545	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user1545	other	vegan
user1546	attend_school	princeton
user1546	favorite_activity	museums
user1546	like_music	<blank>
user1546	like_goto	places
user1547	nationality	canada
user1547	favorite_sport	soccer
user1547	have_pet	2 cat
user1547	like_activity	video games
user1548	like_animal	cat
user1548	like_general	my little pony
user1548	like_watching	anime
user1548	like_activity	being weird
user1549	misc_attribute	vain
user1549	like_activity	cooking
user1549	like_activity	drawing
user1549	physical_attribute	curly hair
user1550	like_activity	sewing
user1550	have_pet	cat
user1550	employed_by_general	cafe
user1550	like_general	books
user1551	has_ability	drive truck
user1551	like_animal	chicken
user1551	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1551	place_origin	kansas
user1551	like_food	egg
user1552	like_activity	standing in the rain
user1552	own	glasses
user1552	like_general	winter
user1552	want	faster computer
user1553	like_activity	running
user1553	physical_attribute	buff
user1553	physical_attribute	tall
user1553	dislike	vegetables
user1554	have	terrible singing voice
user1554	has_hobby	hiking
user1554	like_general	grateful dead
user1554	has_profession	cook
user1554	has_hobby	writing
user1555	job_status	with wife
user1555	have	taught
user1555	has_profession	zoologist
user1556	job_status	employed
user1556	misc_attribute	slow
user1556	want	vacation
user1556	have	too be perfect
user1556	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user1557	favorite_activity	fishing
user1557	favorite_activity	float the river
user1557	has_ability	running
user1558	member_of	sports team
user1558	has_profession	basketball player
user1558	live_in_general	mansion
user1558	other	make 35 million a year
user1558	attend_school	university
user1559	school_status	student
user1559	like_music	yo gotti
user1559	job_status	seeking employment
user1560	like_activity	travel
user1560	like_general	car
user1560	favorite_color	green
user1560	like_animal	cat
user1560	job_status	employed
user1561	has_profession	athlete
user1561	has_profession	basketball player
user1561	has_profession	basketball player
user1561	has_hobby	basketball
user1562	dislike	traveling
user1562	misc_attribute	confused
user1562	like_activity	hiking
user1562	favorite	iphone
user1563	like_general	flowers
user1563	have_chidren	2 children
user1563	employed_by_general	vet
user1563	marital_status	married
user1563	have_pet	3 dog
user1564	has_hobby	singing
user1564	other	am allergic to apples
user1564	has_profession	coach
user1564	has_profession	teacher
user1564	like_activity	crocheting
user1565	like_watching	tv
user1565	like_activity	reading
user1565	like_activity	reading
user1565	favorite_book	harry potter books
user1566	other	nick
user1566	misc_attribute	friendly
user1566	physical_attribute	red hair
user1566	dislike	music
user1567	has_ability	impersonations
user1567	has_profession	plumber
user1567	have_chidren	son
user1567	has_ability	4 speak language
user1568	other	jack of all trades
user1568	misc_attribute	unsociable
user1568	misc_attribute	careful
user1568	gender	male
user1568	like_food	sweets
user1569	like_activity	hiking
user1569	like_animal	all
user1569	like_read	fantasy
user1569	like_general	natural world beauty
user1570	has_hobby	painting
user1570	has_ability	lie
user1570	have	won lottery
user1570	has_hobby	painting
user1571	like_activity	hiking
user1571	like_read	fantasy
user1571	like_general	natural world beauty
user1571	like_animal	all
user1572	like_activity	drawing
user1572	favorite_food	taco
user1572	other	vegan
user1572	school_status	student
user1572	place_origin	france
user1573	has_profession	coach
user1573	want_do	propose
user1573	has_degree	graduate
user1574	other	pregnant
user1574	have	severe anxiety disorder
user1574	have_chidren	children
user1575	has_ability	donor
user1575	has_profession	waiter
user1575	has_hobby	jogging
user1575	have	boyfriend
user1576	like_general	barbie
user1576	have_family	only child
user1576	gender	female
user1576	other	nancy
user1577	live_in_general	a home
user1577	like_activity	rpg computer games
user1577	have	crush
user1577	own	inhaler
user1577	has_hobby	tabletop games
user1578	has_hobby	camping
user1578	have_chidren	mother
user1578	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user1578	have_chidren	children
user1579	like_music	the story so far
user1579	previous_profession	musician
user1579	like_food	meat
user1579	employed_by_general	online
user1580	have_chidren	2 children
user1580	have_pet	2 dog
user1580	other	mother
user1581	favorite_food	apple
user1581	like_food	apple
user1581	dislike	meat
user1581	like_food	apple
user1582	misc_attribute	healthy
user1582	like_movie	romantic comedy
user1582	like_activity	writing
user1582	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user1583	has_ability	brewing
user1583	like_activity	making coffee
user1583	have	1 new house
user1583	other	gay
user1584	like_music	religious
user1584	like_general	family
user1584	dislike	talking
user1584	like_sports	basketball
user1584	has_age	middle aged
user1585	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user1585	like_animal	dog
user1585	like_activity	walking
user1585	like_watching	plays
user1585	like_general	baking
user1586	attend_school	graduate school
user1586	have_family	only child
user1586	has_hobby	dancing
user1586	attend_school	high school
user1587	like_food	burrito
user1587	like_movie	shows
user1587	like_activity	hiking
user1587	have_family	mother
user1588	have_pet	2 cat
user1588	nationality	canada
user1588	like_activity	video games
user1588	favorite_sport	soccer
user1589	marital_status	married
user1589	has_hobby	diet
user1589	other	cant drive
user1589	marital_status	married
user1590	have_pet	koi
user1590	has_profession	musician
user1590	has_ability	play instrument
user1590	has_hobby	gardening
user1591	dislike	formal situations
user1591	like_activity	hiking
user1591	misc_attribute	stubborn
user1591	live_in_general	alone
user1591	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user1592	have	vacation home
user1592	have_vehicle	suv
user1592	has_degree	law
user1592	have_pet	3 dog
user1592	have_chidren	2 children
user1593	has_profession	designer
user1593	job_status	unemployed
user1593	has_profession	design video games
user1594	favorite	thierry henry
user1594	attend_school	stanford
user1594	marital_status	married
user1595	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user1595	like_music	rock
user1595	attend_school	online
user1595	marital_status	engaged
user1595	like_food	ice cream
user1596	other	mother
user1596	has_profession	nurse
user1596	like_music	the rolling stones
user1596	favorite_food	mexican food
user1596	like_activity	reading
user1597	have_family	only child
user1597	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user1597	like_sports	swimming
user1598	like_read	fantasy
user1598	like_animal	all animals
user1598	like_activity	hiking
user1598	like_general	natural world beauty
user1599	favorite_season	spring
user1599	like_activity	fishing
user1599	dislike	losing
user1600	misc_attribute	social
user1600	member_of	other club
user1600	attend_school	high school
user1600	misc_attribute	healthy
user1601	like_activity	watching sunsets
user1601	want_do	exercise
user1601	job_status	unemployed
user1601	has_profession	<blank>
user1601	like_watching	sun rise
user1602	have_pet	dog
user1602	live_in_general	island
user1602	has_ability	cannibal
user1602	like_activity	fishing
user1603	has_hobby	baseball
user1603	has_profession	doctor
user1603	have_chidren	2 children
user1604	has_profession	engineer
user1604	has_hobby	traveling
user1604	has_profession	technician
user1604	like_activity	dancing
user1605	<blank>	<blank>
user1605	<blank>	<blank>
user1605	have_chidren	5 children
user1605	like_activity	drawing
user1605	like_music	all genres
user1606	like_sports	football
user1606	place_origin	new york
user1606	school_status	student
user1606	want_do	study abroad in spain
user1606	want_job	teacher
user1607	want	someone
user1607	employed_by_general	architect firm
user1607	like_activity	fishing
user1607	like_activity	cooking
user1608	has_profession	safety patrol
user1608	like_read	harry potter
user1608	has_hobby	martial arts
user1608	has_age	10
user1609	favorite	holiday
user1609	employed_by_general	craft store
user1609	like_activity	crocheting
user1609	own	house
user1610	like_food	spicy
user1610	like_sports	swimming
user1610	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user1610	have_family	only child
user1611	has_profession	comedian
user1611	place_origin	small town
user1611	previous_profession	actor
user1611	have	local theater gig
user1612	like_sports	cycling
user1612	has_profession	veterinarian
user1612	other	vegan
user1612	has_age	30
user1613	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user1613	other	help with bookeeping
user1613	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user1613	like_food	food with no animal product
user1614	has_profession	lawyer
user1614	has_hobby	photography
user1614	live_in_general	mountains
user1614	own	0 television
user1615	has_profession	athlete
user1615	like_animal	fish
user1615	have_chidren	4 daughter
user1615	like_activity	board games
user1616	favorite_activity	pray
user1616	dislike	spider
user1616	have	condition
user1616	has_ability	left sock first.
user1617	have_chidren	2 children
user1617	like_goto	local animal shelter
user1617	has_hobby	hunting
user1617	have_pet	2 cat
user1617	other	parents are teachers
user1618	dislike	meat
user1618	favorite_food	apple
user1618	like_food	fruit
user1618	like_food	apple
user1619	like_activity	hunting
user1619	dislike	broccoli
user1619	has_profession	police
user1619	<blank>	<blank>
user1619	have_pet	2 dog
user1620	school_status	student
user1620	favorite	rose
user1620	has_profession	waiter
user1620	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user1620	have_chidren	daughter
user1621	has_hobby	martial arts
user1621	has_profession	businessman
user1621	have_chidren	2 children
user1622	has_hobby	writing
user1622	has_profession	cook
user1622	have	terrible singing voice
user1622	like_general	grateful dead
user1623	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1623	like_drink	soda
user1623	employed_by_general	club
user1623	favorite_show	scooby doo
user1623	has_hobby	drawing
user1624	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user1624	like_activity	painting
user1624	job_status	employed
user1624	place_origin	london
user1624	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user1625	gender	male
user1625	misc_attribute	angry
user1625	have_family	members
user1625	like_goto	bar
user1625	have_vehicle	jaguar
user1626	like_activity	beadworking
user1626	like_activity	reading
user1626	place_origin	farm
user1626	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user1626	have	fibromyalgia
user1627	like_activity	building
user1627	physical_attribute	tall
user1627	like_activity	travel
user1627	like_general	place
user1628	has_degree	american literature and education
user1628	want_job	teacher
user1628	has_hobby	hiking
user1628	school_status	graduated
user1629	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user1629	like_read	books
user1630	has_hobby	camping
user1630	have_chidren	children
user1630	have_chidren	mother
user1630	has_hobby	horseback riding
user1631	other	lives with a roommate
user1631	job_status	employed
user1631	favorite_animal	koala
user1631	dislike	beer
user1632	misc_attribute	lazy
user1632	employed_by_general	factory
user1632	misc_attribute	antisocial
user1632	like_activity	sleeping
user1633	like_read	comics
user1633	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user1633	like_food	organic
user1633	has_hobby	collect autographs
user1633	own	2 snakes
user1634	physical_attribute	overweight
user1634	has_profession	baker
user1634	have_family	husband
user1634	like_animal	cat
user1635	have	laugh
user1635	marital_status	single
user1635	gender	female
user1635	like_activity	cooking
user1635	employed_by_general	publishing building
user1636	own	personal religion
user1636	have_vehicle	convertible
user1636	other	believe in ghosts
user1636	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user1637	like_sports	soccer
user1637	favorite_movie	disney movies
user1637	have_family	parents
user1637	has_hobby	reading
user1638	like_activity	gardening
user1638	favorite_food	onion
user1638	like_general	crystals
user1638	misc_attribute	independent
user1638	physical_attribute	curly
user1639	like_general	mother
user1639	misc_attribute	organized
user1639	attend_school	high school
user1639	like_activity	watching television
user1640	employed_by_general	navy
user1640	other	orphan
user1640	like_music	folk
user1640	has_hobby	whittling
user1640	has_degree	communications
user1641	has_ability	donor
user1641	has_profession	waiter
user1641	has_hobby	jogging
user1641	have	boyfriend
user1642	want_do	skydiving
user1642	like_activity	gardening
user1642	have_sibling	twin brother
user1642	misc_attribute	helpful
user1642	has_ability	play instrument
user1643	member_of	community center
user1643	has_ability	play instrument
user1643	like_watching	horror
user1643	other	allergies
user1644	has_ability	play instrument
user1644	has_ability	play instrument
user1645	like_food	vegetables
user1645	has_age	71
user1645	favorite_food	carrots
user1646	misc_attribute	religious
user1646	dislike	evil
user1646	misc_attribute	weak
user1646	misc_attribute	religious
user1647	other	beard
user1647	physical_attribute	short
user1648	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user1648	have_pet	3 iguana
user1648	have_sibling	brother
user1648	like_animal	dog
user1648	other	poor
user1649	has_profession	scientist
user1649	has_hobby	gymnastics
user1649	physical_attribute	tall
user1649	like_music	the beatles
user1650	has_profession	builder
user1650	have_vehicle	prius
user1650	employed_by_general	army
user1650	physical_attribute	freckles
user1650	like_read	romance
user1651	like_sports	archery
user1651	favorite	halloween
user1651	like_general	remodelling homes
user1651	like_activity	hunting
user1651	like_activity	shopping
user1652	dislike	feeling controlled
user1652	misc_attribute	regretful
user1652	dislike	<blank>
user1652	misc_attribute	critic
user1653	has_ability	play instrument
user1653	live_in_general	alone
user1653	<blank>	<blank>
user1653	has_hobby	cooking
user1654	school_status	student
user1654	other	name is kevin
user1654	has_ability	play instrument
user1654	like_activity	working out
user1654	want_job	software engineer
user1655	has_ability	play instrument
user1655	has_hobby	working out
user1655	has_hobby	fishing
user1656	like_goto	beach
user1656	school_status	student
user1656	like_activity	partying
user1656	employed_by_general	restaurant
user1657	like_activity	rock climbing
user1657	other	mother 2 daughters
user1657	like_general	people
user1657	misc_attribute	angry
user1658	like_general	deployment
user1658	marital_status	married
user1658	employed_by_company	army rangers
user1658	misc_attribute	unafraid
user1659	like_music	yo gotti
user1659	school_status	student
user1659	job_status	seeking employment
user1660	other	vegan
user1660	have	tattoo
user1660	like_music	concerts
user1661	like_activity	fashion
user1661	like_music	kurt cobain
user1661	have	"drivers license"
user1662	dislike	pudding
user1662	have	never done drugs
user1662	like_activity	living in texas
user1662	have	friend
user1663	like_activity	hiking
user1663	like_music	folk
user1663	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user1663	has_profession	in marketing
user1663	own	pink hiking boots
user1664	has_hobby	writing
user1664	marital_status	divorced
user1664	like_animal	dog
user1664	want	corvette
user1664	has_profession	mall cop
user1665	have	phone
user1665	like_activity	basketball
user1665	like_music	perfect playlist
user1665	like_general	the night
user1665	like_activity	shopping
user1666	like_animal	dog
user1666	like_food	sushi
user1666	like_activity	shopping
user1666	school_status	graduated
user1667	has_profession	bartender
user1667	previous_profession	marine
user1667	other	vegetarian
user1667	has_hobby	reading
user1667	like_activity	writing
user1668	has_profession	baseball player
user1668	favorite_color	green
user1668	like_read	history
user1668	has_ability	play instrument
user1669	like_sports	swimming
user1669	physical_attribute	bald
user1669	dislike	0 taco
user1669	job_status	unemployed
user1670	like_read	<blank>
user1670	has_profession	nurse
user1670	employed_by_general	hospital
user1670	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user1670	marital_status	divorced
user1671	like_activity	walking
user1671	live_in_general	on lake
user1671	physical_attribute	average american youth
user1671	misc_attribute	romantic
user1671	dislike	school
user1672	school_status	graduated
user1672	want_do	basketball
user1672	have	knee surgery
user1672	physical_attribute	tall
user1672	want_do	play
user1673	like_activity	traveling
user1673	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user1673	want_job	doctor
user1673	has_hobby	fashion
user1674	has_hobby	cooking
user1674	like_general	blue
user1674	physical_attribute	blonde
user1675	misc_attribute	educated
user1675	have_pet	dog
user1675	other	carnivore
user1675	employed_by_company	<blank>
user1676	like_animal	lizard
user1676	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user1676	school_status	student
user1676	own	hair
user1677	like_food	nachos
user1677	has_hobby	filmng
user1677	dislike	popcorn
user1677	employed_by_general	movie theater
user1678	like_activity	video games
user1678	other	diabetic
user1678	like_music	rock
user1679	has_hobby	cooking
user1679	has_hobby	traveling
user1679	like_animal	dog
user1679	place_origin	beach
user1680	live_in_general	large home
user1680	has_profession	doctor
user1680	like_goto	beach
user1680	employed_by_general	hospital
user1680	has_hobby	boating
user1681	like_activity	building computers
user1681	attend_school	university
user1681	like_general	tool
user1681	has_ability	fly airplane
user1682	live_in_general	near the ocean
user1682	dislike	red meat
user1682	physical_attribute	brunette
user1682	like_sports	surfing
user1682	like_watching	sunsets
user1683	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1683	has_hobby	ice hockey
user1683	attend_school	high school
user1683	gender	male
user1684	live_in_general	ranch
user1684	like_goto	outdoors
user1684	has_age	21
user1685	like_activity	running
user1685	physical_attribute	6 tall
user1685	like_activity	dancing
user1685	like_goto	school
user1685	other	tall family.
user1686	attend_school	university
user1686	like_music	death metal
user1686	like_activity	watching television
user1687	like_general	family and fun
user1687	other	free spirit
user1687	dislike	working
user1687	like_activity	survivalism
user1688	employed_by_company	<blank>
user1688	other	carnivore
user1688	have_pet	dog
user1688	misc_attribute	educated
user1689	like_animal	cat
user1689	job_status	employed
user1689	like_activity	travel
user1689	like_general	car
user1689	favorite_color	green
user1690	like_activity	painting
user1690	have_chidren	2 son
user1690	like_goto	wine tours
user1690	like_goto	museum
user1691	has_hobby	driving
user1691	have	10 tattoos
user1691	member_of	hobby club
user1691	has_age	adult
user1691	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user1692	has_ability	playing pool
user1692	teach	arts
user1692	want_do	travel
user1692	want_do	<blank>
user1692	like_animal	unicorns
user1693	have	1 job
user1693	like_music	the rolling stones
user1693	like_activity	guitar
user1694	job_status	employed
user1694	dislike	sleeping in
user1694	has_profession	trainer
user1694	want	know
user1695	member_of	hobby club
user1695	own	cell phone
user1695	other	cat person
user1695	like_drink	alcohol
user1696	has_degree	statistics
user1696	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user1696	have_chidren	3 children
user1696	has_ability	card countin
user1696	want_job	casino manager
user1697	like_activity	climbing
user1697	want_do	go to beach
user1697	like_animal	parrot
user1697	other	disappointment
user1697	have_family	sibling
user1698	like_food	ice cream
user1698	like_music	rock
user1698	attend_school	online
user1698	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user1698	marital_status	engaged
user1699	like_music	<blank>
user1699	attend_school	princeton
user1699	favorite_activity	museums
user1699	like_goto	places
user1699	like_watching	the voice
user1700	have_pet	cat
user1700	has_profession	librarian
user1700	like_food	tuna
user1700	have_pet	2 cat
user1701	like_general	forest
user1701	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user1701	misc_attribute	distant
user1701	misc_attribute	reserved
user1701	want	food
user1702	favorite_drink	orange juice
user1702	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user1702	like_sports	water ski
user1702	other	arnold
user1702	has_age	10
user1703	has_profession	cook
user1703	has_hobby	running
user1703	job_status	seeking employment
user1703	want_do	own a restaurant
user1703	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user1704	want_do	exercise
user1704	like_activity	watching sunsets
user1704	like_watching	sun rise
user1704	has_profession	<blank>
user1705	job_status	employed
user1705	other	has not left country
user1705	other	<blank>
user1705	have_sibling	3 sibling
user1706	has_hobby	gardening
user1706	has_ability	play instrument
user1706	has_profession	musician
user1706	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user1707	favorite	hero
user1707	favorite_season	summer
user1707	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user1707	dislike	dresses
user1707	like_animal	butterfly
user1708	have	photo
user1708	like_music	justin bieber
user1708	have_sibling	sister
user1708	dislike	waiting in line
user1708	own	5 pairs of same pants
user1709	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user1709	have_family	parents
user1709	want	any car
user1709	attend_school	in a year
user1709	has_age	18
user1710	favorite_music	country
user1710	previous_profession	actress
user1710	like_animal	all animals
user1710	like_general	my job
user1711	like_music	perfect playlist
user1711	like_activity	basketball
user1711	have	phone
user1711	like_activity	shopping
user1712	like_activity	with friends
user1712	has_age	18
user1712	like_goto	rock concerts
user1712	other	carnivore
user1712	place_origin	farm
user1713	dislike	popcorn
user1713	like_food	nachos
user1713	has_hobby	jogging
user1713	employed_by_general	movie theater
user1714	physical_attribute	buff
user1714	has_hobby	working out
user1714	has_hobby	weight lifting
user1714	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user1715	like_sports	football
user1715	like_activity	reading
user1715	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user1716	have_pet	horse
user1716	live_in_general	city
user1716	like_drink	beer
user1716	member_of	band
user1717	like_food	lasagna
user1717	want_job	astronaut
user1717	have_vehicle	car
user1717	have_pet	2 dog
user1717	favorite	penn and teller
user1718	misc_attribute	savage
user1718	has_ability	not technology
user1718	other	stuck in the past
user1718	like_general	place
user1719	has_hobby	musician
user1719	want_do	retire to florida
user1719	other	like to help animals
user1719	own	music store
user1720	like_animal	animals
user1720	employed_by_general	theater
user1720	marital_status	engaged
user1721	own	wear contacts
user1721	has_profession	janitor
user1721	misc_attribute	intelligent
user1721	like_general	place
user1721	like_drink	whiskey
user1722	has_hobby	jogging
user1722	has_ability	donor
user1722	has_profession	waiter
user1722	have	boyfriend
user1723	dislike	reading
user1723	dislike	pants
user1723	has_ability	play instrument
user1724	employed_by_general	brewery
user1724	like_drink	32 beer
user1724	like_activity	traveling
user1724	marital_status	married
user1724	like_goto	casino
user1725	other	lives with a roommate
user1725	dislike	beer
user1725	favorite_animal	koala
user1725	job_status	employed
user1726	has_hobby	walking
user1726	employed_by_general	fast food
user1726	have	something purple
user1726	favorite	milena
user1726	has_hobby	martial arts
user1727	like_activity	walking
user1727	favorite_food	pizza
user1727	like_activity	reading
user1727	like_general	being myself
user1728	like_music	the story so far
user1728	employed_by_general	online
user1728	previous_profession	factory worker
user1728	like_food	meat
user1729	has_hobby	cloud watching
user1729	has_profession	salesman
user1729	favorite	costco
user1729	misc_attribute	shy
user1730	marital_status	single
user1730	want	monogomy
user1730	job_status	employed
user1730	misc_attribute	not
user1730	like_goto	library
user1731	have	photo
user1731	like_music	justin bieber
user1731	own	5 pairs of same pants
user1731	have_sibling	sister
user1732	have_chidren	5 children
user1732	like_activity	crocheting
user1732	like_animal	cat
user1732	marital_status	married
user1732	gender	female
user1733	like_music	all american rejecs
user1733	have_pet	3 dog
user1733	has_profession	athlete
user1733	has_ability	run marathons
user1734	want_do	give up
user1734	like_general	comics
user1734	misc_attribute	creative
user1735	favorite_sport	basketball
user1735	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user1735	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user1735	has_hobby	running
user1735	has_hobby	running
user1736	has_hobby	tennis
user1736	like_read	mystery
user1736	other	youngest
user1736	attend_school	university
user1736	attend_school	graduate school
user1737	own	farm
user1737	like_activity	dancing
user1737	like_music	country
user1737	like_animal	animals
user1737	other	vegan
user1738	misc_attribute	popular
user1738	school_status	student
user1738	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user1738	have_pet	dog
user1739	misc_attribute	generous
user1739	place_origin	san francisco
user1739	physical_attribute	fat
user1739	like_general	blame
user1740	like_goto	canada
user1740	other	name
user1740	misc_attribute	competitive
user1740	has_hobby	bicycling
user1740	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user1741	like_general	close friends
user1741	other	orphan
user1741	misc_attribute	clown
user1741	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user1742	job_status	employed
user1742	like_activity	hiking
user1742	like_general	nature
user1742	like_general	blue
user1743	has_ability	sleep
user1743	has_profession	electrician
user1743	like_sports	running
user1743	like_food	hamburgers
user1743	dislike	winter
user1744	like_general	anime
user1744	previous_profession	not stated
user1744	like_food	meat
user1745	favorite_color	green
user1745	like_activity	cooking
user1745	like_activity	swimming
user1746	have_pet	2 <blank>
user1746	like_activity	walking
user1746	have_chidren	2 children
user1746	marital_status	married
user1746	has_age	30
user1747	like_activity	watching videos
user1747	favorite	third-party softtware
user1747	like_food	pumpkins
user1747	favorite_food	shrimp
user1747	have_pet	dog
user1748	physical_attribute	sight
user1748	marital_status	married
user1748	have_pet	cat
user1748	dislike	writing
user1748	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user1749	like_watching	sport
user1749	has_hobby	working out
user1749	like_sports	basketball
user1749	have	many cars
user1750	like_music	the rolling stones
user1750	like_drink	soda
user1750	have_chidren	3 children
user1750	marital_status	married
user1751	employed_by_general	architect firm
user1751	want	someone
user1751	like_activity	cooking
user1751	have_pet	3 dog
user1751	like_activity	fishing
user1752	misc_attribute	unstable
user1752	want	voice
user1752	misc_attribute	passionate
user1752	physical_attribute	have back pain
user1752	misc_attribute	old soul
user1753	have_chidren	3 children
user1753	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user1753	like_drink	soda
user1753	marital_status	married
user1754	misc_attribute	fair
user1754	want_job	in the federal court
user1754	previous_profession	lawyer
user1754	other	albert
user1755	have	started a fire
user1755	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user1755	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user1755	own	an edged weapon
user1755	has_ability	speak language
user1756	other	buddhist
user1756	place_origin	seattle
user1756	has_profession	public relations
user1756	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user1756	other	vegan
user1757	like_activity	painting
user1757	has_ability	singing
user1757	has_profession	actor
user1757	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user1758	favorite_food	apple
user1758	like_food	apple
user1758	like_food	fruit
user1758	dislike	meat
user1758	like_food	apple
user1759	gender	female
user1759	marital_status	married
user1759	like_activity	art projects
user1759	like_activity	traveling
user1760	physical_attribute	pink hair
user1760	have	girlfriend
user1760	live_in_general	city
user1760	employed_by_general	bookstore
user1761	like_food	blue jello
user1761	have_pet	10 cat
user1761	physical_attribute	long red hair
user1761	dislike	asparagus
user1762	marital_status	married
user1762	favorite_music	hip hop
user1762	other	vegetarian
user1762	has_profession	veterinarian
user1763	has_profession	accountant
user1763	gender	male
user1763	have_pet	2 dog
user1763	like_food	potato
user1763	have	car
user1764	teach	arts
user1764	like_animal	unicorns
user1764	want_do	<blank>
user1764	want_do	travel
user1764	has_ability	playing pool
user1765	dislike	vegetables
user1765	favorite_place	american eagle
user1765	like_activity	spending time with family
user1765	favorite	chevy duramax
user1766	dislike	flowers
user1766	physical_attribute	going bald
user1766	has_ability	making clothing
user1766	has_ability	play instrument
user1767	misc_attribute	unstable
user1767	misc_attribute	passionate
user1767	misc_attribute	old soul
user1767	physical_attribute	have back pain
user1768	have_pet	dog
user1768	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user1768	like_food	fish
user1768	like_activity	video games
user1768	like_activity	racing rc cars
user1769	have_chidren	2 children
user1769	like_activity	running
user1769	like_food	cheesecake
user1769	job_status	employed
user1769	favorite_movie	16 candles
user1770	want_do	make more money
user1770	like_general	pens
user1770	has_hobby	writing
user1770	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user1771	like_goto	league
user1771	has_hobby	football
user1771	member_of	sports team
user1771	has_hobby	football
user1771	misc_attribute	determined
user1772	like_general	the story
user1772	misc_attribute	disbelief
user1772	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1772	other	wiccan
user1773	employed_by_general	vet
user1773	marital_status	married
user1773	like_general	flowers
user1773	have_chidren	2 children
user1773	have_pet	3 dog
user1774	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user1774	like_activity	hiking
user1774	has_ability	speak language
user1774	has_profession	barista
user1775	like_animal	dog
user1775	misc_attribute	happy
user1775	<blank>	<blank>
user1775	like_activity	cooking
user1776	school_status	graduated
user1776	like_activity	hiking
user1776	physical_attribute	1 arm
user1776	has_profession	farmer
user1777	dislike	waking up early
user1777	like_activity	photography
user1777	like_general	candles
user1777	like_general	rain
user1777	like_activity	spending money
user1778	employed_by_general	it
user1778	like_food	meat
user1778	has_hobby	weed
user1779	live_in_general	suburbs
user1779	have_chidren	3 children
user1779	school_status	graduated
user1779	<blank>	<blank>
user1779	has_profession	teacher
user1780	member_of	hobby club
user1780	has_profession	poet
user1780	have_pet	fish
user1780	has_hobby	donating clothes
user1781	job_status	retired
user1781	like_activity	going to bars
user1781	like_activity	working out
user1781	like_activity	cooking
user1781	like_activity	dating women
user1782	job_status	seeking employment
user1782	misc_attribute	motivated
user1782	like_watching	drama
user1782	like_music	yo gotti
user1783	like_sports	hockey
user1783	other	am caucasian
user1783	like_activity	rollerblading
user1783	want_do	eating
user1784	has_hobby	geocache
user1784	have_family	sibling
user1784	like_food	chocolate
user1784	<blank>	play instrument
user1785	has_hobby	video games
user1785	like_sports	running
user1785	favorite_color	green
user1785	like_goto	park
user1785	job_status	employed
user1786	dislike	music
user1786	other	nick
user1786	misc_attribute	friendly
user1786	physical_attribute	red hair
user1786	have_vehicle	scooter
user1787	marital_status	in a relationship
user1787	has_hobby	hiking
user1787	favorite	pancakes
user1787	has_hobby	biking
user1788	has_ability	speak language
user1788	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user1788	own	an edged weapon
user1788	have	started a fire
user1789	like_animal	lizard
user1789	school_status	student
user1789	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user1789	misc_attribute	lonely
user1789	own	hair
user1790	has_ability	play instrument
user1790	dislike	reading
user1791	marital_status	married
user1791	has_profession	yoga instruction
user1791	misc_attribute	distant
user1791	like_general	color: pink
user1792	like_activity	swimming
user1792	have	medication
user1792	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user1792	has_hobby	running
user1793	want_do	drugs
user1793	have	friend
user1793	like_activity	living in texas
user1793	dislike	pudding
user1793	like_music	ke ha
user1794	has_ability	driving
user1794	like_drink	apple martinis
user1794	member_of	hobby club
user1794	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user1794	own	suburban
user1795	attend_school	homeschool
user1795	like_animal	<blank>
user1795	misc_attribute	artistic
user1795	has_ability	scream
user1795	dislike	people
user1796	other	am lesbian
user1796	has_ability	play instrument
user1796	has_profession	writer
user1797	attend_school	university
user1797	like_music	metallica
user1797	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user1797	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1797	have_pet	4 cat
user1798	has_profession	farmer
user1798	want	travel
user1798	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user1798	favorite_music	rock
user1799	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user1799	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user1799	have_chidren	daughter
user1799	want	magic was real
user1800	has_hobby	environmentalist
user1800	like_activity	hiking
user1800	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user1800	like_activity	mountain biking
user1800	like_activity	traveling
user1801	like_drink	chai tea
user1801	has_profession	computer technician
user1801	own	black clothes
user1801	have_pet	dog
user1801	dislike	spiders
user1802	have	friend
user1802	school_status	student
user1802	want	money
user1803	marital_status	engaged
user1803	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user1803	like_music	rock
user1803	attend_school	online
user1803	like_food	ice cream
user1804	have	"drivers license"
user1804	like_activity	fashion
user1804	like_music	kurt cobain
user1805	like_general	red shoes
user1805	have	red purse
user1805	own	red lipstick
user1805	<blank>	<blank>
user1806	dislike	math
user1806	attend_school	university
user1806	favorite_hobby	dancing
user1806	have_vehicle	lexus
user1806	have_pet	dog
user1807	dislike	cleaning
user1807	has_hobby	painting
user1807	like_general	blue
user1807	other	italian american
user1808	have_pet	dog
user1808	physical_attribute	deaf
user1808	marital_status	single
user1808	favorite_place	mall
user1808	like_sports	tennis
user1809	like_drink	coffee
user1809	like_general	sunny day
user1809	misc_attribute	smart
user1809	like_general	winning
user1809	misc_attribute	not obligated
user1810	like_sports	swimming
user1810	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user1810	like_food	spicy
user1811	marital_status	married
user1811	have_chidren	3 children
user1811	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user1811	like_activity	cooking
user1811	has_ability	speak language
user1812	like_food	meat
user1812	has_profession	car salesman
user1812	like_activity	painting
user1813	has_age	20
user1813	like_food	pizza
user1813	gender	transfemale
user1813	like_general	blue
user1814	like_activity	ballet
user1814	physical_attribute	blonde
user1814	favorite_color	purple
user1815	has_ability	make videos
user1815	has_profession	youtuber
user1815	have_vehicle	car
user1815	have_pet	cat
user1816	has_hobby	martial arts
user1816	has_profession	safety patrol
user1816	like_read	harry potter
user1816	has_age	10
user1817	has_profession	farmer
user1817	have	never flown on an airplane
user1817	favorite_season	duck hunting
user1817	have	girlfriend
user1818	own	garden
user1818	own	2 laptops
user1818	like_watching	anime
user1819	want	attractive
user1819	physical_attribute	overweight
user1819	other	mother
user1819	physical_attribute	attractive
user1820	want	money
user1820	misc_attribute	smart
user1820	have_pet	dog
user1821	has_hobby	shopping
user1821	has_profession	author
user1821	live_in_general	alone
user1821	<blank>	<blank>
user1821	other	"dont believe in love"
user1822	favorite_food	spaghetti
user1822	attend_school	elementary school
user1822	want_job	athlete
user1822	like_music	one direction
user1823	dislike	heights
user1823	favorite_season	winter
user1823	like_general	cold weather
user1823	like_goto	walmart
user1824	like_sports	swimming
user1824	misc_attribute	social
user1824	like_food	large meals
user1824	attend_school	university
user1824	has_hobby	exercise
user1825	like_goto	cinema
user1825	own	cape
user1826	like_food	chocolate
user1826	place_origin	georgia
user1826	want_do	have kids
user1826	has_ability	play instrument
user1827	like_goto	rock concerts
user1827	like_activity	with friends
user1827	has_age	18
user1827	place_origin	farm
user1828	has_ability	cook
user1828	has_profession	at bar
user1828	has_ability	play instrument
user1828	like_music	country
user1829	school_status	student
user1829	other	parents are doctors
user1829	want_job	actor
user1829	has_hobby	community theater
user1829	like_general	love
user1830	misc_attribute	quick
user1830	like_general	food trucks
user1830	own	car
user1830	physical_attribute	not a blond
user1830	have_sibling	brother
user1831	physical_attribute	6 tall
user1831	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user1831	has_ability	speak language
user1831	want	to be something else
user1832	other	epileptic
user1832	like_activity	swimming
user1832	like_read	<blank>
user1833	marital_status	20 married
user1833	like_activity	traveling
user1833	favorite_sport	football
user1833	job_status	volunteer
user1833	previous_profession	veteran
user1834	like_activity	reading
user1834	like_general	being myself
user1834	favorite_food	pizza
user1834	has_hobby	walking
user1835	like_activity	fishing
user1835	dislike	pretty
user1835	has_hobby	drink beers
user1835	like_activity	fishing
user1835	misc_attribute	simple
user1836	physical_attribute	tall
user1836	dislike	vegetables
user1836	physical_attribute	buff
user1836	like_activity	running
user1836	has_age	9
user1837	has_ability	play instrument
user1837	want_do	have kids
user1837	like_food	chocolate
user1837	place_origin	georgia
user1838	favorite_show	csi
user1838	misc_attribute	risky
user1838	want_job	smithsonian
user1839	have_pet	cat
user1839	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user1839	like_general	comics
user1839	job_status	employed
user1839	like_activity	reading
user1840	job_status	seeking employment
user1840	favorite_color	green
user1840	want	autographs from authors
user1841	like_food	1 restaurant
user1841	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user1841	employed_by_general	bank
user1841	misc_attribute	polite
user1841	misc_attribute	aspiring
user1842	like_animal	cat
user1842	have_chidren	5 children
user1842	like_activity	crocheting
user1842	marital_status	married
user1843	misc_attribute	insecure
user1843	marital_status	married
user1843	other	<blank>
user1843	other	hungry
user1843	want	corvette
user1844	has_profession	owner
user1844	has_ability	lucky
user1844	job_status	employed
user1844	job_status	employed
user1845	marital_status	single
user1845	like_activity	shopping
user1845	other	debt
user1845	have	friends
user1846	other	vegetarian
user1846	live_in_general	pig farm
user1846	have	allergies
user1846	want_do	<blank>
user1847	like_activity	working out
user1847	school_status	student
user1847	want_job	software engineer
user1847	has_ability	play instrument
user1848	like_activity	horseback riding
user1848	have_chidren	2 son
user1848	has_hobby	camping
user1848	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user1849	like_drink	alcohol
user1849	member_of	hobby club
user1849	other	cat person
user1849	own	cell phone
user1850	favorite_food	hamburgers
user1850	job_status	employed
user1850	like_watching	comedy
user1850	has_profession	ballerina
user1851	like_animal	dog
user1851	has_profession	veterinarian
user1851	have_pet	2 dog
user1852	like_activity	driving
user1852	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user1852	other	did not know my dad
user1852	have	3 tattoos
user1853	employed_by_general	<blank>
user1853	like_music	smooth jazz
user1853	have_pet	dog
user1853	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user1853	like_general	suits and ties
user1854	has_degree	nursing
user1854	favorite_food	sushi
user1855	has_hobby	football
user1855	misc_attribute	determined
user1855	like_goto	league
user1855	member_of	sports team
user1855	has_hobby	football
user1856	like_drink	coke
user1856	like_activity	running
user1856	like_activity	baking
user1856	like_animal	dog
user1856	like_food	bagels
user1857	has_hobby	yoga
user1857	has_profession	teacher
user1857	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user1857	marital_status	married
user1858	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user1858	like_general	cold weather
user1858	has_profession	cashier
user1858	like_food	non-gmo
user1858	like_general	clothes
user1859	like_activity	cooking
user1859	dislike	clowns
user1859	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user1859	have_pet	2 dog
user1860	has_degree	graduate
user1860	has_profession	coach
user1861	like_activity	watching television
user1861	favorite_music	metal
user1861	has_profession	commercials
user1861	other	3 allergies
user1862	attend_school	high school
user1862	member_of	dance team
user1862	like_watching	disney movies
user1862	like_activity	dance
user1863	like_activity	video games
user1863	like_activity	ballet
user1863	favorite_color	purple
user1864	live_in_general	condo
user1864	misc_attribute	focused
user1864	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user1864	like_music	opera
user1864	favorite_food	steak
user1865	attend_school	university
user1865	have	t-shirt and jeans
user1865	has_hobby	skateboarding
user1865	have	crush
user1866	like_general	fashion
user1866	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user1866	like_general	fashion designers
user1866	want_job	designer
user1866	like_activity	shopping
user1867	school_status	graduated
user1867	like_food	takeout
user1867	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user1867	like_general	low taxes
user1867	has_profession	finance
user1868	like_general	dress up
user1868	employed_by_general	grocery store
user1868	misc_attribute	ambitious
user1868	like_activity	skin care
user1869	like_read	<blank>
user1869	like_read	<blank>
user1869	has_hobby	gardening
user1869	place_origin	kentucky
user1869	other	veteran
user1870	job_status	employed
user1870	have_pet	10 cat
user1870	physical_attribute	long red hair
user1870	like_food	blue jello
user1871	like_activity	baking
user1871	has_hobby	sewing
user1871	like_activity	swimming
user1871	employed_by_company	grocery store
user1871	have	garden
user1872	<blank>	<blank>
user1872	like_general	sleeping in
user1872	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user1872	like_general	leather clothes
user1873	dislike	dresses
user1873	like_animal	butterfly
user1873	favorite_season	summer
user1873	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user1874	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user1874	other	vegan
user1874	like_watching	game of thrones
user1874	like_sports	soccer
user1875	like_food	cakes
user1875	physical_attribute	hears voices
user1875	misc_attribute	lust
user1875	has_hobby	arguing
user1876	live_in_general	farm
user1876	like_food	beets
user1876	has_profession	salesman
user1877	has_ability	play instrument
user1877	other	vegan
user1877	like_music	system of a down
user1877	want	play in a local band
user1878	favorite_show	game of thrones
user1878	job_status	employed
user1878	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user1878	like_activity	cosplay
user1879	dislike	heights
user1879	have_sibling	4 sibling
user1879	like_drink	iced tea
user1879	want	mermaid
user1880	dislike	bread
user1880	misc_attribute	practical
user1881	has_hobby	cloud watching
user1881	misc_attribute	shy
user1881	has_profession	salesman
user1881	favorite	costco
user1882	has_hobby	driving
user1882	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user1882	has_age	adult
user1882	have	10 tattoos
user1883	have_pet	2 dog
user1883	like_activity	cooking
user1883	dislike	clowns
user1883	have	2 roommate
user1884	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user1884	has_hobby	skiing
user1884	has_ability	ski racer
user1885	has_profession	baker
user1885	favorite_show	silicon valley
user1885	has_hobby	tennis
user1885	have_sibling	2 sister
user1886	own	salon
user1886	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user1886	has_profession	hairdresser
user1886	live_in_general	boat
user1886	marital_status	married
user1887	have_chidren	2 children
user1887	has_profession	yoga instruction
user1887	like_watching	western
user1888	favorite_food	carrots
user1888	like_activity	gardening
user1888	has_age	71
user1888	like_food	vegetables
user1889	like_drink	coffee
user1889	like_food	meatloaf
user1889	want_do	<blank>
user1889	own	2 packs
user1890	like_activity	laughing
user1890	like_general	shoes
user1890	like_activity	baking
user1891	misc_attribute	organized
user1891	like_activity	music
user1891	like_general	mother
user1891	like_activity	watching television
user1892	want	autographs from authors
user1892	job_status	seeking employment
user1892	favorite_color	green
user1893	like_goto	"farmers market"
user1893	has_ability	play instrument
user1893	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user1893	employed_by_general	university
user1894	has_profession	lifeguard
user1894	like_music	chainsmokers
user1894	like_activity	tennis
user1895	misc_attribute	shy
user1895	has_ability	sing
user1895	has_ability	unclear
user1895	other	was accepted to participate
user1895	misc_attribute	shy
user1896	like_general	blue
user1896	have_pet	5 cat
user1896	nationality	british
user1897	like_watching	games shows
user1897	misc_attribute	religious
user1897	dislike	green beans
user1897	misc_attribute	angry
user1897	has_hobby	travel
user1898	other	0 chewing food
user1898	physical_attribute	slow
user1898	other	familiarity with hospitals and doctors
user1898	have	medical bills
user1899	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user1899	other	allergic to cats
user1899	like_activity	manicures
user1899	have_chidren	son
user1900	have_chidren	children
user1900	have_family	wife
user1900	previous_profession	actor
user1900	want_do	retire
user1901	has_profession	trainer
user1901	has_hobby	writing
user1901	dislike	sleeping in
user1901	want	know
user1902	have_chidren	2 children
user1902	like_food	mexican cuisine
user1902	like_general	summer
user1902	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user1903	school_status	student
user1903	like_goto	dates
user1903	like_goto	museum
user1903	teach	kindergarten
user1904	like_music	country
user1904	want_do	video games
user1904	employed_by_company	scrubway
user1904	attend_school	university
user1904	misc_attribute	optimistic
user1905	job_status	not a basketball player
user1905	employed_by_company	ibm
user1905	want_do	retire
user1905	physical_attribute	tall
user1906	have_pet	named charlie
user1906	like_general	the nighttime
user1906	has_profession	artist
user1907	<blank>	<blank>
user1907	like_music	all genres
user1907	have_chidren	5 children
user1907	like_activity	drawing
user1908	like_watching	wildlife
user1908	have_pet	several
user1908	like_animal	<blank>
user1908	like_goto	animal shelters
user1908	like_watching	animals
user1909	have_chidren	children
user1909	have	severe anxiety disorder
user1909	other	pregnant
user1909	like_general	art
user1910	has_hobby	gardening
user1910	other	veteran
user1910	like_read	<blank>
user1910	place_origin	kentucky
user1911	has_profession	personal trainer
user1911	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user1911	other	dave
user1911	like_activity	fishing
user1912	have	therapist
user1912	like_goto	nail salon
user1912	like_goto	cafe
user1912	employed_by_general	lawyer
user1913	has_ability	play instrument
user1913	like_movie	john grisham
user1914	have_pet	2 dog
user1914	has_profession	pilot
user1914	other	parents in the military
user1914	dislike	spiders
user1915	misc_attribute	bored
user1915	want_do	speak language
user1915	like_activity	learning
user1915	own	computer
user1915	like_watching	foreign
user1916	have	support of my whole family
user1916	want	retire
user1916	has_ability	1 dancing
user1916	has_hobby	ballet
user1917	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user1917	like_general	low taxes
user1917	has_profession	finance
user1917	like_food	takeout
user1918	want_do	propose
user1918	has_degree	graduate
user1918	has_profession	coach
user1919	job_status	employed
user1919	other	vegan
user1919	like_read	<blank>
user1919	like_music	country
user1920	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user1920	have_chidren	12 kids
user1920	has_age	53
user1920	physical_attribute	overweight
user1921	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user1921	have_pet	dog
user1921	misc_attribute	popular
user1921	school_status	student
user1922	like_food	pork
user1922	like_food	meat
user1922	have	house
user1922	other	vegetarian
user1923	like_general	purple
user1923	marital_status	single
user1923	have	no money
user1923	have_vehicle	sports car
user1923	like_general	cher
user1924	employed_by_company	google
user1924	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user1924	like_food	lobster
user1924	has_profession	engineer
user1925	has_ability	play instrument
user1925	want	play in a local band
user1925	own	9 guitars
user1925	other	vegan
user1926	like_activity	crocheting
user1926	like_music	alternative rock
user1926	employed_by_general	craft store
user1926	favorite	holiday
user1926	own	house
user1927	have_sibling	3 sibling
user1927	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user1927	like_activity	drawing
user1927	like_general	blue
user1928	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user1928	job_status	employed
user1928	like_sports	basketball
user1928	place_origin	texas
user1928	have_chidren	<blank>
user1929	has_hobby	puzzles
user1929	has_profession	writer
user1929	like_music	country
user1930	like_music	80 s music
user1930	favorite_color	yellow
user1930	has_profession	wedding planner
user1930	like_general	ghost
user1930	want_job	architect
user1931	favorite_food	mexican food
user1931	has_profession	nurse
user1931	like_activity	reading
user1931	other	mother
user1932	has_profession	business man
user1932	own	mansion
user1932	dislike	school
user1932	has_ability	300 speak language
user1932	want	parents
user1933	have_vehicle	car
user1933	employed_by_general	large company
user1933	like_food	all
user1933	like_music	rock
user1933	want	win lottery
user1934	job_status	employed
user1934	like_read	<blank>
user1934	like_music	country
user1934	like_goto	beach
user1934	other	vegan
user1935	has_profession	musician
user1935	job_status	employed
user1935	<blank>	<blank>
user1936	has_age	18
user1936	want	any car
user1936	attend_school	in a year
user1936	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user1936	have_family	parents
user1937	other	vegan
user1937	has_profession	veterinarian
user1937	like_sports	cycling
user1937	have_pet	3 dog
user1937	has_age	30
user1938	like_activity	hiking
user1938	like_general	blue
user1938	like_general	eating out
user1938	job_status	employed
user1939	other	mother
user1939	want	attractive
user1939	physical_attribute	attractive
user1939	like_activity	eating
user1940	like_read	history
user1940	has_profession	technician
user1941	other	"dont believe in love"
user1941	<blank>	<blank>
user1941	has_profession	author
user1941	has_hobby	shopping
user1942	like_drink	tea
user1942	like_general	people
user1942	like_food	egg
user1942	like_sports	cycling
user1942	like_activity	drawing
user1943	attend_school	university
user1943	have	name
user1943	has_age	25
user1943	has_ability	play instrument
user1943	have_vehicle	ford
user1944	has_profession	teacher
user1944	has_degree	bachelors
user1944	like_music	pretenders
user1944	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user1945	like_drink	beverage
user1945	favorite_food	nachos
user1945	has_hobby	d&d
user1945	other	imaginative
user1945	dislike	talking to people
user1946	has_profession	pilot
user1946	dislike	spiders
user1946	have_pet	2 dog
user1946	other	parents in the military
user1947	other	has driven race car
user1947	want_do	<blank>
user1947	misc_attribute	personable
user1947	misc_attribute	dishonest
user1948	have	friends
user1948	like_animal	dogs and cats
user1948	has_age	10
user1948	live_in_general	house
user1949	has_profession	teacher
user1949	like_movie	magic mike
user1949	like_activity	video games
user1949	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user1949	like_activity	singing
user1950	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user1950	like_animal	fish
user1950	school_status	dropped out
user1950	has_ability	play instrument
user1951	like_activity	recycling
user1951	have_vehicle	van
user1951	other	hippie
user1951	physical_attribute	red hair
user1951	have	2 tattoos
user1952	have_pet	dog
user1952	like_activity	video games
user1952	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user1952	like_food	fish
user1953	want	to become male model
user1953	other	had cancer
user1953	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user1953	like_music	classical
user1954	marital_status	engaged
user1954	like_food	1 sugar
user1954	have_vehicle	mercedes
user1954	have_sibling	3 sibling
user1954	other	profession
user1955	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user1955	has_profession	engineer
user1955	like_activity	photography
user1955	like_activity	hiking
user1955	live_in_general	alone
user1956	like_sports	running
user1956	like_food	hamburgers
user1956	has_profession	electrician
user1956	dislike	winter
user1956	has_ability	sleep
user1957	have_family	mother
user1957	have	6 siblings
user1957	dislike	future
user1958	have_pet	dog
user1958	have_sibling	sister
user1958	favorite	school subject
user1958	like_sports	soccer
user1959	have	sausage fingers
user1959	physical_attribute	full
user1959	favorite_drink	sprite
user1959	misc_attribute	funny
user1960	favorite_color	orange
user1960	have_pet	parakeet
user1960	like_food	gummy bears
user1960	other	lactose intolerant
user1961	has_hobby	soccer
user1961	has_hobby	goalie
user1961	other	42 number is
user1961	favorite	nike cleats
user1961	misc_attribute	team player
user1962	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user1962	has_profession	party planning
user1962	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user1963	like_activity	climbing
user1963	have_family	sibling
user1963	want_do	travel
user1963	like_animal	parrot
user1964	misc_attribute	angry
user1964	have_vehicle	jaguar
user1964	like_goto	bar
user1964	dislike	family
user1965	physical_attribute	6 tall
user1965	other	tall family.
user1965	like_activity	dancing
user1965	like_activity	running
user1966	want	help
user1966	have_family	parents
user1966	job_status	seeking employment
user1966	other	bisexual
user1967	has_profession	comedian
user1967	place_origin	small town
user1967	previous_profession	actor
user1967	have	local theater gig
user1967	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user1968	employed_by_general	army
user1968	has_profession	builder
user1968	physical_attribute	freckles
user1968	have_vehicle	prius
user1968	like_read	romance
user1969	have_pet	2 reptile
user1969	physical_attribute	purple hair
user1969	<blank>	<blank>
user1969	like_general	red
user1970	employed_by_general	navy
user1970	other	orphan
user1970	like_music	folk
user1970	has_degree	communications
user1971	like_drink	alcohol
user1971	member_of	hobby club
user1971	other	cat person
user1971	own	cell phone
user1972	have_chidren	2 children
user1972	like_food	mexican cuisine
user1972	like_general	summer
user1972	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user1973	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user1973	place_origin	texas
user1973	have_chidren	<blank>
user1973	like_sports	basketball
user1973	job_status	employed
user1974	like_food	indian cuisine
user1974	want	to adopt a dog
user1974	has_ability	play instrument
user1975	want	move to another country
user1975	like_goto	nature
user1975	have	debt
user1975	like_music	electronic
user1975	school_status	student
user1976	like_read	fantasy
user1976	other	mother
user1976	employed_by_company	monsanto
user1976	like_activity	shopping
user1976	like_activity	swimming
user1977	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user1977	job_status	employed
user1977	other	vegetarian
user1977	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user1977	other	catholic
user1978	have	hobbies
user1978	own	cape
user1978	like_goto	cinema
user1979	marital_status	married
user1979	has_profession	pilot
user1979	favorite_food	fried chicken
user1980	like_general	ford trucks
user1980	have_vehicle	truck
user1980	have_vehicle	ford
user1980	like_general	cars
user1981	own	1 house
user1981	marital_status	single
user1981	has_ability	play instrument
user1981	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user1982	employed_by_general	museum
user1982	like_goto	park
user1982	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user1982	has_hobby	reading
user1982	have	few friends
user1983	school_status	rejected
user1983	like_sports	soccer
user1983	has_age	7
user1984	has_profession	athlete
user1984	have_pet	3 dog
user1984	has_ability	run marathons
user1984	like_music	all american rejecs
user1985	like_sports	tennis
user1985	want_job	singer
user1985	like_animal	animals
user1986	have	won lottery
user1986	has_hobby	painting
user1986	has_ability	lie
user1986	has_hobby	painting
user1987	like_sports	football
user1987	like_activity	reading
user1988	like_watching	disney movies
user1988	member_of	dance team
user1988	like_activity	dance
user1989	has_hobby	baking
user1989	have_chidren	3 daughter
user1989	have_family	daughter
user1989	gender	female
user1990	has_profession	writer
user1990	has_hobby	puzzles
user1990	has_profession	teacher
user1990	like_music	country
user1991	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user1991	has_profession	accountant
user1991	misc_attribute	colorful
user1991	have_pet	dog
user1992	has_hobby	traveling
user1992	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user1992	attend_school	university
user1992	favorite_music	rock
user1993	has_profession	pilot
user1993	marital_status	married
user1993	favorite_food	fried chicken
user1993	have_sibling	twin sister
user1994	misc_attribute	make things right
user1994	misc_attribute	<blank>
user1994	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user1994	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user1995	like_activity	travel
user1995	like_general	place
user1995	physical_attribute	tall
user1995	<blank>	<blank>
user1995	like_activity	building
user1996	have_chidren	daughter
user1996	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user1996	has_profession	retailer
user1996	dislike	the taste of cheese
user1996	has_ability	cooking
user1997	like_movie	magic mike
user1997	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user1997	like_activity	video games
user1997	has_profession	teacher
user1998	have_family	mother
user1998	misc_attribute	forgetful
user1998	have	boyfriend
user1998	favorite_food	spaghetti
user1999	other	soccer mom
user1999	employed_by_general	online company
user1999	like_general	family time
user1999	teach	cheerleading
user1999	has_ability	cook
user2000	like_music	country
user2000	have_pet	dog
user2000	like_activity	bathing
user2000	like_activity	working out
user2001	has_profession	9 to 5
user2001	want_job	baker
user2001	like_activity	cooking
user2002	misc_attribute	romantic
user2002	misc_attribute	lazy
user2002	other	bad luck with relationships
user2002	job_status	employed
user2003	attend_school	stanford
user2003	marital_status	married
user2003	favorite	thierry henry
user2004	attend_school	university
user2004	physical_attribute	blonde
user2004	want_do	painting
user2004	like_activity	painting
user2005	dislike	school
user2005	want	parents
user2005	own	mansion
user2005	has_ability	300 speak language
user2005	has_profession	business man
user2006	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user2006	like_food	food with no animal product
user2006	favorite_music_artist	muse
user2006	employed_by_company	walmart
user2007	like_read	<blank>
user2007	have_chidren	1 son
user2007	like_activity	swimming
user2007	other	epileptic
user2008	like_general	kids
user2008	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user2008	misc_attribute	overeat
user2008	misc_attribute	organized
user2008	has_profession	teacher
user2009	has_profession	commercials
user2009	like_activity	watching television
user2009	other	3 allergies
user2009	favorite_music	metal
user2010	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user2010	has_profession	factory worker
user2010	marital_status	married
user2010	want_job	musician
user2011	dislike	talking to people
user2011	favorite_food	nachos
user2011	like_drink	beverage
user2011	has_hobby	d&d
user2012	has_hobby	1 reading
user2012	like_food	pasta
user2012	school_status	student
user2012	has_age	20
user2013	previous_profession	chef
user2013	like_activity	baking
user2013	like_activity	walking
user2013	place_origin	mexico
user2013	have_pet	2 cat
user2014	like_activity	watching sunsets
user2014	want_do	exercise
user2014	has_profession	<blank>
user2014	like_watching	sun rise
user2014	job_status	unemployed
user2015	want_do	move out
user2015	dislike	school life
user2015	have	friend
user2015	other	am worried about money
user2016	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user2016	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user2016	marital_status	single
user2016	dislike	coworker
user2017	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user2017	like_general	blame
user2017	like_general	smelling my own farts
user2017	physical_attribute	fat
user2017	misc_attribute	generous
user2018	like_general	computers
user2018	have_sibling	sibling
user2018	misc_attribute	nerd
user2018	has_ability	math
user2019	favorite_drink	sprite
user2019	has_ability	draw
user2019	misc_attribute	funny
user2019	physical_attribute	am bloated
user2019	have	sausage fingers
user2020	like_music	adam levine
user2020	want_job	photographer
user2020	marital_status	widow
user2020	want_do	photography
user2020	like_activity	photography
user2021	school_status	graduate student
user2021	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user2021	favorite_animal	pug
user2021	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user2022	employed_by_general	factory
user2022	misc_attribute	antisocial
user2022	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2022	misc_attribute	lazy
user2023	have	single bed
user2023	like_general	rain
user2023	have_vehicle	van
user2023	like_general	winter
user2024	have_chidren	grandchildren
user2024	live_in_general	by a lake
user2024	marital_status	married
user2024	own	upholstery shop
user2024	other	mother
user2025	like_food	fish
user2025	like_activity	racing rc cars
user2025	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2025	have_pet	dog
user2026	like_food	blue jello
user2026	dislike	asparagus
user2026	physical_attribute	long red hair
user2026	job_status	employed
user2026	have_pet	10 cat
user2027	has_profession	reality tv star
user2027	like_music	country
user2027	like_sports	surfing
user2028	dislike	seafood
user2028	place_origin	deep south
user2028	like_general	blue
user2028	like_activity	hunting
user2029	have_chidren	2 children
user2029	has_hobby	hunting
user2029	like_goto	local animal shelter
user2029	have_pet	2 cat
user2029	other	parents are teachers
user2030	job_status	unemployed
user2030	physical_attribute	bald
user2030	dislike	0 taco
user2030	like_sports	swimming
user2031	has_profession	package delivery
user2031	like_food	candy
user2031	have_vehicle	honda
user2031	have_pet	3 cat
user2032	favorite_color	black
user2032	dislike	pickle
user2032	favorite_show	rick and morty
user2032	own	iphone
user2033	have_pet	3 dog
user2033	has_profession	veterinarian
user2033	other	vegan
user2033	has_age	30
user2033	like_sports	cycling
user2034	dislike	talking to people
user2034	like_drink	beverage
user2034	has_hobby	d&d
user2034	favorite_food	nachos
user2034	other	imaginative
user2035	live_in_general	far from home
user2035	physical_attribute	red hair
user2035	like_food	meat
user2035	has_ability	computer repair
user2036	misc_attribute	talkative
user2036	want_do	dieting
user2036	has_hobby	drawing
user2036	have	braces
user2037	have_vehicle	honda
user2037	want_do	reading
user2037	like_activity	talking
user2037	like_watching	sitcoms
user2038	like_activity	hunting
user2038	has_profession	police
user2038	have_pet	2 dog
user2038	<blank>	<blank>
user2038	dislike	broccoli
user2039	have_family	2 children
user2039	have_pet	2 cat
user2039	like_food	kale
user2039	like_general	adam levine
user2039	want	more iron in my diet
user2040	like_goto	movie theater
user2040	employed_by_company	target
user2040	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user2040	have_pet	dog
user2040	physical_attribute	7"
user2041	like_goto	local animal shelter
user2041	have_pet	2 cat
user2041	have_chidren	2 children
user2041	has_hobby	hunting
user2041	other	parents are teachers
user2042	has_profession	actor
user2042	want_job	writer
user2042	like_activity	painting
user2042	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user2042	has_ability	singing
user2043	have_chidren	child
user2043	has_profession	teacher
user2043	favorite_color	purple
user2043	place_origin	church
user2044	has_ability	read
user2044	like_activity	reading
user2044	school_status	dropped out
user2044	like_activity	reading
user2044	has_ability	read foreign language
user2045	favorite_color	grey
user2045	like_activity	yoga
user2045	employed_by_general	newspaper
user2045	like_activity	writing
user2046	have_chidren	children
user2046	has_hobby	watching movies
user2046	like_activity	cleaning
user2046	misc_attribute	tired
user2046	like_food	fast food
user2047	like_goto	florida
user2047	other	feelings
user2047	other	mild ocd
user2047	has_profession	freelance accountant
user2048	job_status	employed
user2048	other	vegan
user2048	like_music	country
user2048	like_read	<blank>
user2049	attend_school	high school
user2049	have_family	mother
user2049	like_sports	hockey
user2050	dislike	dresses
user2050	like_animal	butterfly
user2050	favorite_season	summer
user2050	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user2050	favorite	hero
user2051	teach	kindergarten
user2051	has_profession	teacher
user2051	has_hobby	kayaking
user2052	like_goto	wine tours
user2052	have_chidren	2 son
user2052	like_activity	painting
user2052	like_goto	museum
user2053	want	live in iceland
user2053	want	to be able to write in cursive
user2053	like_general	cold winters
user2053	want	something interesting
user2053	like_music	strange music
user2054	like_sports	equestrian
user2054	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user2054	other	allergic to shellfish
user2055	like_activity	being weird
user2055	like_animal	butterfly
user2055	like_general	my little pony
user2055	like_watching	anime
user2055	like_animal	cat
user2056	have_sibling	6 sister
user2056	like_sports	boston celtics
user2056	like_activity	walking
user2056	employed_by_general	a small
user2056	like_food	chocolate
user2057	favorite_drink	orange juice
user2057	like_sports	water ski
user2057	other	arnold
user2057	has_age	10
user2057	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user2058	other	vegan
user2058	has_hobby	hiking
user2058	favorite	bob ross
user2058	has_profession	accountant
user2059	own	bowie knife
user2059	has_hobby	weight lifting
user2059	like_watching	mma
user2059	like_drink	water with protein powder
user2059	school_status	student
user2060	other	allergies
user2060	want	ferret
user2060	have_family	mother
user2060	like_general	line drying clothing
user2060	has_hobby	blogging
user2061	like_read	<blank>
user2061	other	am diabetic
user2061	have_vehicle	<blank>
user2061	dislike	traffic
user2062	have	3 roomates
user2062	other	parents are teachers
user2062	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user2062	have_sibling	sister
user2062	other	piercing
user2063	have_pet	3 dog
user2063	like_sports	bicycling
user2063	have	personal trainer
user2063	teach	kids
user2063	like_general	religion
user2064	like_food	gummy worms
user2064	like_food	tuna fish
user2064	favorite_music	rock opera
user2064	like_read	science fiction
user2065	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user2065	like_food	lobster
user2065	has_profession	engineer
user2065	employed_by_company	google
user2066	has_profession	driver
user2066	like_activity	board games
user2066	have_chidren	4 daughter
user2066	has_profession	athlete
user2067	like_general	huge paintings.
user2067	like_activity	collecting rocks
user2067	like_activity	working out
user2067	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user2067	like_food	beans
user2068	favorite_food	steak
user2068	like_music	opera
user2068	misc_attribute	focused
user2068	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2068	live_in_general	condo
user2069	misc_attribute	religious
user2069	has_hobby	travel
user2069	like_watching	games shows
user2069	dislike	green beans
user2069	misc_attribute	unstable
user2070	want_job	photographer
user2070	want_do	photography
user2070	like_music	adam levine
user2070	marital_status	widow
user2071	has_hobby	gambling
user2071	have	money
user2071	previous_profession	telemarketer
user2071	like_activity	playing the lottery
user2071	dislike	punching clocks
user2072	other	has driven race car
user2072	misc_attribute	physical
user2072	want_do	<blank>
user2072	misc_attribute	personable
user2073	has_hobby	video games
user2073	employed_by_general	warehouse
user2073	physical_attribute	buff
user2074	own	suburban
user2074	has_ability	driving
user2074	like_drink	apple martinis
user2074	member_of	hobby club
user2074	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user2075	have_chidren	3 daughter
user2075	place_origin	kansas
user2075	like_activity	scuba diving
user2075	like_sports	horseback riding
user2075	has_profession	police
user2076	dislike	animals in general
user2076	have	allergies
user2076	want_do	<blank>
user2076	other	vegetarian
user2076	live_in_general	pig farm
user2077	place_origin	france
user2077	like_activity	drawing
user2077	school_status	student
user2077	favorite_food	taco
user2078	like_activity	crocheting
user2078	like_animal	cat
user2078	marital_status	married
user2078	gender	female
user2078	have_chidren	5 children
user2079	like_general	winter
user2079	have_vehicle	van
user2079	like_general	rain
user2080	like_music	system of a down
user2080	other	vegan
user2080	has_ability	play instrument
user2080	own	9 guitars
user2080	want	play in a local band
user2081	has_ability	visiting
user2081	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2082	marital_status	not married
user2082	like_activity	singing
user2082	like_sports	basketball
user2082	have_chidren	children
user2082	has_hobby	hunting
user2083	have_family	3 ex wives
user2083	have_vehicle	ferrari
user2083	dislike	acting
user2083	dislike	kids
user2084	physical_attribute	blonde
user2084	have_family	only child
user2084	have_pet	3 cat
user2084	like_goto	foreign countries
user2085	live_in_general	city
user2085	have	girlfriend
user2085	physical_attribute	pink hair
user2086	has_profession	teacher
user2086	want_do	travel
user2086	job_status	retired
user2087	other	adopted
user2087	employed_by_general	a local party store
user2087	have_sibling	sibling
user2087	favorite	christmas
user2087	have	birth mother
user2088	other	allergies
user2088	physical_attribute	short hair
user2088	has_ability	play instrument
user2088	like_watching	horror
user2089	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user2089	has_hobby	knitting
user2089	like_activity	going barefoot
user2089	has_profession	tutor
user2090	own	an edged weapon
user2090	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user2090	have	started a fire
user2090	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user2090	has_ability	speak language
user2091	has_hobby	knitting
user2091	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user2091	has_profession	tutor
user2092	favorite_food	pasta
user2092	has_age	older
user2092	job_status	retired
user2092	live_in_general	rural area
user2093	like_activity	surfing
user2093	employed_by_general	hotel
user2093	like_general	snow
user2094	like_general	color red
user2094	has_ability	fast typer
user2094	misc_attribute	lively
user2094	misc_attribute	skeptical
user2095	like_activity	video games
user2095	has_hobby	writing
user2095	like_food	junk food
user2095	favorite_music	pop
user2096	misc_attribute	night owl
user2096	want_job	company owner
user2096	school_status	student
user2096	like_activity	programming
user2097	like_activity	shopping
user2098	have_chidren	3 children
user2098	has_ability	speak language
user2098	marital_status	married
user2098	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user2098	like_activity	cooking
user2099	misc_attribute	shallow
user2099	misc_attribute	suspicious
user2099	has_hobby	shopping
user2099	misc_attribute	fabulous
user2099	has_hobby	check reflection
user2100	other	has driven race car
user2100	misc_attribute	dishonest
user2100	misc_attribute	physical
user2100	misc_attribute	personable
user2100	want_do	<blank>
user2101	has_hobby	singing
user2101	like_watching	sport
user2101	like_activity	napping
user2101	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user2102	misc_attribute	confident
user2102	other	democrat
user2102	like_food	fish
user2102	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user2103	like_drink	alcohol
user2103	has_hobby	drinking
user2103	misc_attribute	responsible
user2104	has_hobby	baseball
user2104	have_chidren	2 children
user2105	employed_by_general	large company
user2105	want	win lottery
user2105	have_vehicle	car
user2105	like_music	rock
user2105	like_food	all
user2106	like_music	linkin park
user2106	misc_attribute	quiet
user2106	other	was diagnosed with autism
user2106	attend_school	high school
user2107	has_ability	play instrument
user2107	favorite	superman
user2107	dislike	heights
user2107	have_family	1 twins
user2108	have_pet	2 cat
user2108	like_general	exclamation marks
user2108	misc_attribute	family attention
user2108	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user2109	previous_profession	actress
user2109	other	vegan
user2109	favorite_music	country
user2109	like_animal	all animals
user2109	like_general	my job
user2110	has_hobby	painting
user2110	has_ability	lie
user2110	have	won lottery
user2111	like_food	fast
user2111	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user2111	has_profession	national guard officer
user2111	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user2112	like_activity	flying kites
user2112	own	car
user2112	has_hobby	working out
user2112	favorite_sport	rugby
user2113	like_activity	photography
user2113	other	youngest
user2113	like_general	blue
user2113	school_status	student
user2113	have_sibling	2 brother
user2114	like_activity	travel
user2114	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user2114	like_watching	ufc fights
user2114	like_food	cheese
user2114	employed_by_general	factory
user2115	have_vehicle	bicycle
user2115	like_food	french fries
user2115	employed_by_company	del taco
user2116	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user2116	has_age	19
user2116	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user2116	live_in_general	near celebrities
user2117	have_family	mother
user2117	school_status	graduated
user2117	have_family	grandmother
user2118	other	believe in ghosts
user2118	have_vehicle	convertible
user2118	have_pet	4 dog
user2118	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user2118	own	personal religion
user2119	other	did not know my dad
user2119	have	3 tattoos
user2119	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user2119	like_activity	driving
user2120	want	know
user2120	dislike	sleeping in
user2120	has_profession	trainer
user2120	has_hobby	writing
user2120	job_status	employed
user2121	employed_by_general	museum
user2121	has_hobby	reading
user2121	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user2121	like_goto	park
user2121	other	not many friends
user2122	like_activity	traveling
user2122	favorite_sport	football
user2122	marital_status	20 married
user2122	job_status	volunteer
user2122	previous_profession	veteran
user2123	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user2123	physical_attribute	tall
user2123	like_general	red
user2124	like_activity	painting
user2124	like_activity	baking
user2124	has_profession	cartographer
user2124	like_activity	wrestling
user2124	previous_profession	nurse
user2125	other	dave
user2125	has_hobby	hiking
user2125	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user2125	has_profession	personal trainer
user2125	like_activity	fishing
user2126	favorite_music	rock opera
user2126	like_food	tuna fish
user2126	physical_attribute	brunette
user2126	like_read	science fiction
user2127	<blank>	<blank>
user2127	has_profession	scientist
user2127	live_in_general	alone
user2127	has_ability	play instrument
user2128	school_status	did not graduate
user2128	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user2129	like_general	cold winters
user2129	like_music	strange music
user2129	want	to be able to write in cursive
user2129	want	live in iceland
user2130	like_general	apple products
user2130	like_music	gary numan
user2130	like_food	fruit
user2130	like_animal	dragon
user2130	like_activity	snorkeling
user2131	like_goto	water
user2131	have_family	mother
user2131	live_in_general	away from parents
user2131	like_general	cartoons
user2132	attend_school	high school
user2132	favorite	math
user2132	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user2132	gender	male
user2132	has_hobby	ice hockey
user2133	has_profession	athlete
user2133	marital_status	married
user2133	attend_school	stanford
user2133	favorite	thierry henry
user2134	like_food	candy
user2134	has_hobby	skateboarding
user2134	have	crush
user2134	attend_school	university
user2134	have	t-shirt and jeans
user2135	like_activity	singing
user2135	have_pet	cat
user2135	school_status	student
user2135	has_profession	coffee shop
user2136	physical_attribute	overweight
user2136	want	attractive
user2136	other	mother
user2136	physical_attribute	attractive
user2136	like_activity	eating
user2137	want_do	travel
user2137	other	disappointment
user2137	like_activity	climbing
user2137	like_animal	parrot
user2138	favorite	halo 3
user2138	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user2138	have_vehicle	moped
user2138	like_activity	singing
user2138	<blank>	<blank>
user2139	has_ability	play instrument
user2139	like_read	history
user2139	favorite_color	green
user2139	has_profession	baseball player
user2140	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user2140	has_ability	play instrument
user2140	has_hobby	working out
user2140	has_hobby	fishing
user2141	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user2141	has_profession	teacher
user2141	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user2141	like_music	metal
user2142	have_pet	2 cat
user2142	want	more iron in my diet
user2142	like_general	adam levine
user2142	have_family	2 children
user2142	like_food	kale
user2143	own	iphone
user2143	favorite_color	black
user2143	has_ability	writing a novel
user2143	favorite_show	rick and morty
user2143	dislike	pickle
user2144	misc_attribute	friendly
user2144	other	nick
user2144	physical_attribute	red hair
user2144	have_vehicle	scooter
user2145	favorite_animal	zebra
user2145	dislike	beach
user2145	has_profession	writer
user2145	other	allergies
user2145	want_job	actress
user2146	physical_attribute	purple hair
user2146	like_general	red
user2146	<blank>	<blank>
user2146	have_pet	2 reptile
user2146	like_movie	gone with the wind
user2147	like_music	pop
user2147	want	house on beach
user2147	like_food	mcdonalds
user2147	like_watching	nascar
user2148	job_status	internship
user2148	want_do	skydiving
user2148	other	character
user2149	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user2149	like_activity	swimming
user2149	has_hobby	traveling
user2149	has_hobby	traveling
user2149	like_general	cabins in the woods
user2150	want_do	open a business
user2150	like_sports	surfing
user2150	like_animal	panda
user2151	like_food	burrito
user2151	like_general	being a guy
user2151	like_activity	hiking
user2151	have_family	mother
user2151	like_movie	shows
user2152	like_sports	skiing
user2152	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user2152	has_hobby	traveling
user2152	attend_school	university
user2152	favorite_music	rock
user2153	like_food	taco
user2153	has_profession	secretary
user2153	have_pet	3 cat
user2153	like_activity	swimming
user2154	like_activity	baking
user2154	like_activity	horseback riding
user2154	favorite	rose
user2155	has_ability	drive truck
user2155	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2155	like_food	egg
user2155	place_origin	kansas
user2155	like_animal	chicken
user2156	like_activity	sewing
user2156	have_pet	1 cat
user2156	physical_attribute	overweight
user2156	physical_attribute	short
user2156	physical_attribute	brunette
user2157	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2157	misc_attribute	afraid of snakes
user2157	like_activity	hiking
user2158	like_food	pizza
user2158	like_food	burrito
user2158	like_activity	shopping
user2158	like_activity	dance
user2159	favorite_music_artist	vv nation
user2159	like_food	pretzels
user2159	like_watching	science fiction
user2159	other	omnivore
user2159	employed_by_general	railroad
user2160	has_hobby	painting
user2160	has_profession	finance
user2160	like_general	blue
user2160	dislike	cleaning
user2160	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user2161	like_food	food with no animal product
user2161	other	help with bookeeping
user2161	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user2161	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2162	like_activity	shopping
user2162	like_animal	dog
user2162	other	vegetarian
user2162	school_status	graduated
user2163	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user2163	has_profession	accountant
user2163	have_pet	2 dog
user2163	have_vehicle	car
user2164	like_food	pretzels
user2164	like_watching	science fiction
user2164	favorite_music_artist	vv nation
user2164	employed_by_general	railroad
user2165	other	carnivore
user2165	like_activity	video games
user2165	other	gay
user2165	has_profession	welder
user2165	has_ability	play instrument
user2166	school_status	student
user2166	have_pet	cat
user2166	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user2166	has_age	21
user2167	want_do	vacation
user2167	marital_status	married
user2167	has_profession	semi trucks
user2168	favorite	hero
user2168	dislike	dresses
user2168	like_animal	butterfly
user2168	favorite_season	summer
user2169	favorite_book	stephen king
user2169	has_profession	veterinarian
user2169	other	christian
user2169	favorite_movie	horror
user2170	own	mansion
user2170	want	parents
user2170	has_ability	300 speak language
user2170	has_profession	business man
user2171	other	<blank>
user2171	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user2171	like_food	vegetables
user2171	misc_attribute	shy
user2172	misc_attribute	not obligated
user2172	like_drink	coffee
user2172	like_general	winning
user2172	misc_attribute	smart
user2173	like_activity	skiing
user2173	place_origin	colorado
user2173	like_general	the weather
user2173	like_music	one direction
user2174	marital_status	single
user2174	like_goto	nature
user2174	favorite_food	salad
user2175	has_hobby	painting
user2175	has_profession	finance
user2175	other	italian american
user2175	dislike	cleaning
user2176	have_pet	cat
user2176	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user2176	like_activity	cooking
user2177	like_general	blue
user2177	like_general	eating out
user2177	like_activity	hiking
user2177	like_general	nature
user2178	other	vegetarian
user2178	like_animal	sharks
user2178	has_hobby	reading
user2178	misc_attribute	witty
user2178	like_activity	dance
user2179	physical_attribute	red hair
user2179	has_hobby	running
user2179	like_general	tall men
user2179	have_pet	2 dog
user2180	have_pet	cat
user2180	school_status	student
user2180	favorite	rose
user2180	has_age	21
user2181	has_age	53
user2181	physical_attribute	blonde
user2181	have_chidren	12 kids
user2181	physical_attribute	overweight
user2182	live_in_general	large home
user2182	like_goto	beach
user2182	has_profession	doctor
user2182	has_hobby	boating
user2182	employed_by_general	hospital
user2183	like_drink	pepsi
user2183	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user2183	favorite	superman
user2183	have_vehicle	toyota
user2184	like_activity	sleeping in
user2184	marital_status	single
user2184	physical_attribute	brunette
user2184	favorite_season	fall
user2184	like_food	healthy
user2185	like_watching	horror
user2185	like_general	comics
user2185	like_food	junk food
user2185	dislike	family
user2185	has_hobby	couch potato
user2186	like_watching	sport
user2186	other	vegan
user2186	want	be millionaire
user2186	has_hobby	yoga
user2186	like_sports	hockey
user2187	has_hobby	writing
user2187	want_do	make more money
user2187	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user2187	like_general	pens
user2187	want	not to work
user2188	like_music	opera
user2188	favorite_food	steak
user2188	misc_attribute	focused
user2188	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2188	live_in_general	condo
user2189	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user2189	want_job	casino manager
user2189	have_chidren	3 children
user2189	has_ability	card countin
user2190	has_ability	2 speak language
user2190	like_music	blues
user2190	other	puerto rican / chinese
user2190	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user2190	like_general	prince
user2191	like_sports	soccer
user2191	like_watching	game of thrones
user2191	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user2192	want	attractive
user2192	physical_attribute	attractive
user2192	other	mother
user2192	physical_attribute	overweight
user2192	like_activity	eating
user2193	have_pet	2 cat
user2193	nationality	canada
user2193	favorite_sport	soccer
user2193	like_activity	video games
user2194	has_ability	play instrument
user2194	have_chidren	son
user2194	school_status	graduated
user2194	want_job	teacher
user2195	has_profession	factory worker
user2195	marital_status	married
user2195	job_status	employed
user2195	want_job	musician
user2196	like_activity	model building
user2196	like_watching	netflix
user2196	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user2197	live_in_general	a home
user2197	like_activity	rpg computer games
user2197	own	inhaler
user2197	has_hobby	tabletop games
user2198	job_status	employed
user2198	like_activity	guitar
user2198	like_music	the rolling stones
user2199	like_activity	traveling
user2199	like_music	van halen
user2199	has_hobby	fashion
user2199	want_job	doctor
user2200	physical_attribute	6 tall
user2200	like_activity	running
user2200	other	tall family.
user2200	like_activity	dancing
user2201	attend_school	university
user2201	have_family	partner
user2201	employed_by_general	daycare
user2201	school_status	major in business administration
user2202	live_in_general	boat
user2202	marital_status	married
user2202	own	salon
user2202	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user2203	have	allergy
user2203	want_job	actress
user2203	employed_by_general	arena
user2203	favorite_animal	zebra
user2204	other	was diagnosed with autism
user2204	school_status	graduated
user2204	like_music	linkin park
user2204	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user2205	like_sports	surfing
user2205	want_do	open a business
user2205	like_animal	panda
user2206	dislike	waking up
user2206	misc_attribute	aloof
user2206	have	therapist
user2207	employed_by_general	hospital
user2207	school_status	student
user2207	has_hobby	1 reading
user2207	has_age	20
user2207	like_food	pasta
user2208	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user2208	has_hobby	running
user2208	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2208	has_hobby	running
user2209	like_general	children
user2209	like_activity	shopping
user2209	like_activity	cooking
user2209	like_activity	chatting with friends
user2210	has_ability	play instrument
user2210	like_music	classical
user2210	has_ability	play instrument
user2210	like_activity	cooking
user2211	misc_attribute	disbelief
user2211	like_general	the story
user2211	other	wiccan
user2211	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2212	has_profession	package delivery
user2212	like_food	candy
user2212	misc_attribute	funny
user2212	have_pet	3 cat
user2212	have_vehicle	honda
user2213	like_general	shoes
user2213	like_activity	laughing
user2214	like_general	cardigans
user2214	have_family	step dad
user2214	dislike	dad
user2214	has_profession	programmer
user2214	place_origin	spain
user2215	like_activity	working out
user2215	like_activity	going to bars
user2215	job_status	retired
user2215	like_activity	cooking
user2216	have	passport
user2216	other	was on the news
user2217	live_in_general	mansion
user2217	attend_school	university
user2217	has_profession	basketball player
user2217	member_of	sports team
user2218	want_job	nurse
user2218	live_in_general	studio apartment
user2218	has_profession	paramedic
user2218	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user2219	have_pet	2 dog
user2219	other	parents in the military
user2219	dislike	spiders
user2219	has_profession	pilot
user2220	has_profession	lawyer
user2220	favorite_place	new york
user2220	favorite_food	steak
user2220	marital_status	divorced
user2220	like_activity	running
user2221	previous_profession	chef
user2221	place_origin	mexico
user2221	like_activity	walking
user2221	like_activity	baking
user2222	has_hobby	diving
user2222	like_general	technology
user2222	like_general	people
user2222	want	immortality
user2223	have	bizarre dreams
user2223	has_ability	earn passive income
user2223	marital_status	single
user2223	like_music	muggers
user2223	like_activity	surfing
user2224	misc_attribute	romantic
user2224	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user2224	school_status	dropped out
user2224	misc_attribute	emotional
user2225	school_status	student
user2225	want_do	move out
user2225	have	friend
user2226	other	gay
user2226	other	carnivore
user2226	has_profession	welder
user2226	like_activity	video games
user2227	has_profession	baker
user2227	has_hobby	tennis
user2227	favorite_show	silicon valley
user2227	have_sibling	2 sister
user2228	favorite_activity	cooking
user2228	other	can sim very quickly
user2228	like_activity	singing
user2228	like_activity	running
user2228	own	trophies
user2229	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user2229	like_activity	video games
user2229	have_pet	dog
user2229	other	<blank>
user2229	like_food	beef
user2230	other	care about way i look
user2230	has_hobby	check reflection
user2230	misc_attribute	suspicious
user2230	has_hobby	shopping
user2230	like_general	self
user2231	gender	female
user2231	want_do	go to europe
user2231	like_activity	dancing
user2231	like_activity	shopping
user2231	have	never
user2232	like_activity	working out
user2232	employed_by_general	magazine
user2232	like_activity	game halo
user2232	favorite_color	yellow
user2233	like_music	country
user2233	has_ability	play instrument
user2233	like_activity	surfing
user2233	has_profession	at bar
user2233	has_ability	cook
user2234	misc_attribute	angry
user2234	dislike	green beans
user2234	misc_attribute	religious
user2234	has_hobby	travel
user2234	like_watching	games shows
user2235	like_music	all american rejecs
user2235	has_ability	run marathons
user2235	have_pet	3 dog
user2235	has_profession	athlete
user2235	dislike	sweet potatoes
user2236	gender	male
user2236	have_family	members
user2236	have_vehicle	jaguar
user2236	like_goto	bar
user2237	like_general	blue
user2237	like_goto	beach
user2237	job_status	employed
user2237	school_status	student
user2238	like_food	mexican cuisine
user2238	like_read	history
user2238	like_activity	dance
user2238	has_profession	teacher
user2238	place_origin	new hampshire
user2239	have	1 rose tattoo
user2239	like_general	silver
user2239	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2239	have	tattoos
user2240	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user2240	attend_school	university
user2240	want_job	teacher
user2241	has_age	under 50
user2241	like_food	cheese
user2241	like_music	backstreet boys
user2241	dislike	driving
user2242	employed_by_general	craft store
user2242	like_music	alternative rock
user2242	own	house
user2242	like_activity	crocheting
user2242	favorite	holiday
user2243	has_profession	receptionist
user2243	have_pet	2 dog
user2243	like_read	crime
user2243	favorite_place	disney world
user2243	like_general	brothers
user2244	like_activity	doing nails
user2244	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user2244	like_sports	volley ball
user2244	like_activity	hiking
user2244	like_food	pickled eggs
user2245	dislike	shrimp
user2245	have	long fingers
user2245	other	am dumpy
user2245	physical_attribute	long legs
user2246	marital_status	engaged
user2246	like_activity	working out
user2246	favorite_music	metal
user2246	has_profession	writer
user2247	physical_attribute	allergic
user2247	like_general	having my back scratched
user2247	favorite	eat at restaurant
user2248	employed_by_general	warehouse
user2248	physical_attribute	buff
user2248	has_hobby	video games
user2248	marital_status	married
user2249	favorite_food	italian
user2249	<blank>	smoking
user2249	like_activity	driving
user2250	like_watching	movies
user2250	have_pet	cat
user2250	like_music	funk rock
user2250	like_food	taco
user2250	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user2251	have_sibling	2 sister
user2251	has_profession	baker
user2251	has_hobby	tennis
user2251	favorite_show	silicon valley
user2252	like_watching	game of thrones
user2252	have_pet	cat
user2252	have_chidren	4 children
user2252	like_activity	walking
user2252	has_profession	artist
user2253	like_goto	nail salon
user2253	has_profession	receptionist
user2253	like_goto	cafe
user2253	like_watching	we wrestling
user2254	have	timeshare
user2254	favorite_food	sushi
user2254	has_profession	<blank>
user2254	favorite_show	friends
user2255	like_general	dolls
user2255	like_general	things
user2255	like_music	jazz
user2255	like_general	antiques
user2255	misc_attribute	romantic
user2256	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user2256	employed_by_company	target
user2256	have_pet	dog
user2256	physical_attribute	7"
user2256	like_goto	movie theater
user2257	has_profession	safety patrol
user2257	has_hobby	martial arts
user2257	like_read	harry potter
user2257	has_age	10
user2258	employed_by_general	online company
user2258	like_general	family time
user2258	has_ability	cook
user2258	teach	cheerleading
user2259	school_status	graduated
user2259	has_profession	finance
user2259	have_chidren	son
user2259	want_job	teacher
user2259	has_ability	play instrument
user2260	like_activity	hiking
user2260	physical_attribute	1 arm
user2260	have_family	sibling
user2260	school_status	graduated
user2260	has_profession	farmer
user2261	have_vehicle	jaguar
user2261	gender	male
user2261	dislike	family
user2261	misc_attribute	angry
user2262	like_music	country
user2262	has_profession	at bar
user2262	like_activity	surfing
user2262	has_ability	cook
user2263	like_food	1 sugar
user2263	other	profession
user2263	have_vehicle	mercedes
user2263	marital_status	engaged
user2264	like_general	to chat with my friends
user2264	like_activity	driving
user2264	like_read	in a series
user2264	like_goto	movie theater
user2265	has_profession	writer
user2265	like_activity	hunting
user2265	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user2265	own	home
user2266	has_profession	waiter
user2266	has_hobby	jogging
user2266	have	boyfriend
user2266	has_ability	donor
user2267	job_status	employed
user2267	physical_attribute	purple hair
user2268	like_activity	walking
user2268	have_pet	2 dog
user2268	job_status	employed
user2268	like_goto	movie theater
user2268	like_general	<blank>
user2269	school_status	student
user2269	school_status	student
user2269	has_profession	receptionist
user2269	has_profession	receptionist
user2269	other	name is mary
user2270	school_status	student
user2270	like_general	blue
user2270	other	youngest
user2270	have_sibling	2 brother
user2270	like_activity	photography
user2271	like_food	food with no animal product
user2271	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user2271	like_food	strawberry
user2271	like_goto	beach
user2272	have_pet	4 pet
user2272	like_activity	card game
user2272	favorite_food	jello
user2272	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user2272	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user2273	<blank>	<blank>
user2273	attend_school	welding
user2273	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user2273	has_profession	contractor
user2274	attend_school	university
user2274	other	youngest
user2274	attend_school	graduate school
user2274	has_hobby	tennis
user2275	like_watching	south park
user2275	marital_status	engaged
user2275	has_hobby	baseball
user2276	dislike	red meat
user2276	like_watching	sunsets
user2276	physical_attribute	brunette
user2276	live_in_general	near the ocean
user2276	like_sports	surfing
user2277	own	0 television
user2277	live_in_general	mountains
user2277	has_ability	pilot
user2277	has_profession	lawyer
user2278	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2278	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user2278	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user2278	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user2279	has_hobby	drawing
user2279	want_do	give up
user2279	like_general	comics
user2279	misc_attribute	creative
user2280	own	computer
user2280	like_activity	learning
user2280	misc_attribute	bored
user2280	like_watching	foreign
user2280	want_do	speak language
user2281	have	long fingers
user2281	like_general	skeleton
user2281	dislike	shrimp
user2281	other	am dumpy
user2282	like_activity	making people smile
user2282	misc_attribute	crazy
user2282	like_activity	filming
user2282	has_ability	bad lying
user2282	dislike	death
user2283	favorite_book	david copperfield
user2283	have_sibling	twin brother
user2283	physical_attribute	short
user2283	has_hobby	baking
user2283	has_hobby	tap dancing
user2284	like_activity	spending money
user2284	like_activity	photography
user2284	like_general	candles
user2284	dislike	rising early
user2285	other	christian
user2285	like_activity	football
user2285	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2285	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user2286	has_ability	fall up stairs
user2286	have_vehicle	bicycle
user2286	favorite_music_artist	up
user2286	employed_by_company	del taco
user2286	like_food	french fries
user2287	like_general	desert
user2287	physical_attribute	eyes
user2287	not_have	degree
user2287	like_food	meat
user2287	misc_attribute	above average
user2288	has_profession	artist
user2288	like_watching	game of thrones
user2288	have_pet	cat
user2288	like_activity	walking
user2289	like_food	mcdonalds
user2289	want	love
user2289	have_sibling	8 children
user2289	has_profession	retailer
user2290	has_hobby	whittling
user2290	employed_by_general	navy
user2290	like_music	folk
user2290	has_degree	communications
user2291	want_do	move
user2291	has_hobby	hiking
user2291	have_pet	2 dog
user2291	has_profession	artist
user2292	want_do	play
user2292	have	knee surgery
user2292	want_do	basketball
user2292	school_status	graduated
user2292	physical_attribute	tall
user2293	like_food	tuna fish
user2293	physical_attribute	brunette
user2293	like_read	science fiction
user2293	favorite_music	rock opera
user2294	has_hobby	instrument
user2294	like_animal	fish
user2294	employed_by_general	deli
user2294	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user2295	other	make 35 million a year
user2295	has_profession	basketball player
user2295	member_of	sports team
user2295	attend_school	university
user2296	have	friend
user2296	want_do	move out
user2296	other	am worried about money
user2296	dislike	school life
user2297	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user2297	have_chidren	mother
user2297	has_hobby	camping
user2297	has_hobby	horseback riding
user2298	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user2298	like_activity	manicures
user2298	have_chidren	son
user2298	other	allergic to cats
user2299	have	friend
user2299	want_do	move out
user2299	other	am worried about money
user2300	live_in_general	condo
user2300	other	recovering alcoholic
user2300	previous_profession	reporter
user2300	have	large mustache
user2301	like_general	simple jokes
user2301	like_watching	the flintstones
user2301	dislike	jokes
user2301	like_general	simpler times
user2302	live_in_general	farm
user2302	school_status	graduated
user2302	own	truck
user2302	like_music	rap
user2303	like_activity	hunting
user2303	own	home
user2303	has_profession	writer
user2303	like_food	barbecue
user2303	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user2304	employed_by_general	retailer
user2304	like_movie	django unchained
user2304	own	honda civic
user2304	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user2304	like_activity	rock climbing
user2305	has_hobby	singing
user2305	have_family	grandmother
user2305	have	brown belt
user2306	school_status	student
user2306	has_hobby	1 reading
user2306	employed_by_general	hospital
user2306	like_food	pasta
user2307	attend_school	university
user2307	favorite_food	ice cream
user2307	has_hobby	traveling
user2308	has_age	20
user2308	employed_by_general	hospital
user2308	has_hobby	1 reading
user2308	like_food	pasta
user2309	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user2309	like_activity	reading
user2309	has_hobby	found blogs
user2309	has_hobby	writing
user2310	like_general	makeup
user2310	misc_attribute	friendly
user2310	have	nice smile
user2310	like_activity	working out
user2310	misc_attribute	nice
user2311	like_music	metallica
user2311	attend_school	university
user2311	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user2311	have_pet	4 cat
user2311	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2312	want	bike
user2312	physical_attribute	broke nose
user2312	like_music	jazz
user2312	employed_by_general	factory
user2312	favorite_place	seattle
user2313	school_status	student
user2313	like_activity	shopping
user2313	place_origin	california
user2313	like_goto	outdoors
user2314	attend_school	university
user2314	school_status	student
user2314	employed_by_general	restaurant
user2314	like_goto	beach
user2314	like_activity	partying
user2315	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user2315	dislike	riding the bus
user2315	job_status	employed
user2315	like_general	littlest things
user2316	physical_attribute	thin
user2316	place_origin	baltimore
user2316	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user2317	like_sports	boston celtics
user2317	have_sibling	6 sister
user2317	like_activity	walking
user2317	employed_by_general	a small
user2317	like_food	chocolate
user2318	has_hobby	working out
user2318	have	many cars
user2318	like_sports	basketball
user2319	job_status	unemployed
user2319	like_activity	getting nails done
user2319	like_drink	expensive wine
user2319	other	lost jewelry
user2319	have_pet	dog
user2320	like_activity	fishing
user2320	dislike	losing
user2320	have	boots
user2321	like_activity	reading
user2321	favorite_book	harry potter books
user2321	like_watching	tv
user2321	other	vegetarian
user2321	like_activity	reading
user2322	like_activity	hiking
user2322	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2322	like_general	red
user2323	have_chidren	2 children
user2323	has_profession	doctor
user2323	has_hobby	baseball
user2324	like_general	katy perry
user2324	like_drink	coke
user2324	have_vehicle	ford
user2324	employed_by_general	retailer
user2324	has_hobby	shopping
user2325	like_sports	soccer
user2325	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user2325	other	vegan
user2325	like_watching	game of thrones
user2326	employed_by_general	club
user2326	has_hobby	drawing
user2326	like_drink	soda
user2326	favorite_show	scooby doo
user2326	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2327	live_in_general	by a lake
user2327	other	mother
user2327	own	upholstery shop
user2327	marital_status	married
user2328	like_activity	working out
user2328	has_ability	play instrument
user2328	school_status	student
user2328	want_job	software engineer
user2328	other	name is kevin
user2329	has_ability	film making
user2329	has_hobby	travel
user2329	like_activity	reenactment
user2329	has_ability	6 tv news
user2330	has_profession	<blank>
user2330	job_status	unemployed
user2330	want_do	exercise
user2330	like_activity	watching sunsets
user2331	like_sports	football
user2331	have_vehicle	truck
user2331	has_profession	roofer
user2331	have	a beer
user2332	like_animal	dog
user2332	has_hobby	writing
user2332	want	corvette
user2332	has_profession	mall cop
user2333	have	home
user2333	other	traveling to japan
user2333	has_ability	3 speak language
user2333	has_profession	programmer
user2334	have	friend
user2334	own	honda civic
user2334	have_chidren	3 children
user2334	other	named after my grandmother
user2335	have_pet	dog
user2335	has_profession	advertising executive
user2335	has_hobby	writing
user2335	like_activity	hiking
user2336	want	autographs from authors
user2336	favorite_color	green
user2336	want_job	publishing
user2337	like_read	books
user2337	like_activity	video games
user2337	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user2337	dislike	alcohol
user2338	have	many cars
user2338	has_hobby	working out
user2338	like_watching	sport
user2339	like_general	internet
user2339	job_status	employed
user2339	favorite_music	country
user2339	other	vegetarian
user2339	like_activity	baking
user2340	have	crush
user2340	attend_school	university
user2340	have	t-shirt and jeans
user2340	like_food	candy
user2341	other	parents are doctors
user2341	has_hobby	community theater
user2341	school_status	student
user2341	like_general	love
user2341	want_job	actor
user2342	like_music	pretenders
user2342	has_degree	bachelors
user2342	has_profession	teacher
user2342	have_pet	dog
user2343	like_food	carrots
user2343	physical_attribute	athletic
user2343	physical_attribute	brunette
user2343	like_activity	cycling
user2344	other	walking
user2344	live_in_general	city
user2344	misc_attribute	helpful
user2344	like_goto	market
user2345	have_chidren	3 children
user2345	like_activity	walking
user2345	have	friend
user2345	other	named after my grandmother
user2345	own	honda civic
user2346	misc_attribute	anxious
user2346	has_profession	editing
user2346	have_pet	cat
user2346	live_in_general	"parents house"
user2347	dislike	punching clocks
user2347	has_hobby	gambling
user2347	previous_profession	telemarketer
user2347	have	money
user2347	like_activity	playing the lottery
user2348	place_origin	beach
user2348	has_hobby	traveling
user2348	like_animal	dog
user2348	has_hobby	cooking
user2348	like_food	pizza
user2349	like_sports	hockey
user2349	want_do	eating
user2349	like_activity	rollerblading
user2349	other	am caucasian
user2349	like_food	sugar
user2350	dislike	chalk
user2350	have	boyfriend
user2350	has_hobby	gymnastics
user2350	favorite_drink	coffee
user2351	like_music	imagine dragons
user2351	like_activity	running
user2351	like_food	crab
user2351	has_hobby	kayaking
user2351	like_activity	fly model airplane
user2352	like_activity	fashion
user2352	have_family	father
user2352	have	"drivers license"
user2352	like_music	kurt cobain
user2353	have_pet	cat
user2353	has_profession	youtuber
user2353	have_vehicle	car
user2354	previous_profession	programmer
user2354	have	2 grandchildren
user2354	like_animal	animals
user2354	like_watching	british
user2354	has_age	77
user2355	like_general	canadian women
user2355	like_activity	relieving myself
user2355	has_hobby	hiking
user2355	have_vehicle	prius
user2356	like_watching	stars
user2356	school_status	student
user2356	physical_attribute	short
user2356	want	porsche
user2356	has_hobby	pet
user2357	other	vegetarian
user2357	like_sports	surfing
user2357	like_animal	panda
user2358	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user2358	like_drink	coffee
user2358	has_hobby	painting
user2358	have	been to new york city
user2358	want_job	curator
user2359	other	like to help animals
user2359	own	music store
user2359	want_do	retire to florida
user2359	has_hobby	musician
user2360	favorite	superman
user2360	want_job	superhero
user2360	has_age	8
user2360	other	<blank>
user2360	like_read	comics
user2361	have_pet	2 dog
user2361	misc_attribute	religious
user2361	marital_status	single
user2361	other	wrote a book
user2361	like_activity	reading
user2362	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user2362	have	local theater gig
user2362	has_profession	comedian
user2362	place_origin	small town
user2362	previous_profession	actor
user2363	like_general	suits and ties
user2363	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2363	like_music	smooth jazz
user2363	have_pet	dog
user2363	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user2364	own	blue shoes
user2364	like_general	the color blue
user2364	physical_attribute	blue hair
user2364	have_vehicle	car
user2365	favorite_movie	titanic
user2365	have_chidren	2 children
user2365	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user2366	like_activity	saving
user2366	employed_by_general	bar
user2366	has_hobby	skiing
user2366	like_music	blues
user2366	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user2367	has_ability	scream
user2367	dislike	people
user2367	attend_school	homeschool
user2367	like_animal	<blank>
user2367	misc_attribute	artistic
user2368	misc_attribute	religious
user2368	favorite	donna karen clothes
user2368	has_profession	teacher
user2368	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user2369	have_sibling	3 sister
user2369	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user2369	favorite_place	jamaica
user2369	like_activity	reading
user2369	has_degree	creative writing
user2370	own	trophies
user2370	like_activity	running
user2370	favorite_activity	cooking
user2370	like_activity	singing
user2371	employed_by_general	cafe
user2371	like_general	books
user2371	have_pet	cat
user2371	like_activity	sewing
user2372	have_pet	cat
user2372	like_watching	movies
user2372	like_food	taco
user2372	like_music	funk rock
user2373	misc_attribute	shy
user2373	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user2373	physical_attribute	allergic
user2373	have	trouble connecting with family
user2373	like_food	vegetables
user2374	like_read	mystery
user2374	like_goto	beach
user2374	nationality	united states
user2374	like_food	pizza
user2375	has_hobby	kayaking
user2375	has_profession	teacher
user2375	teach	kindergarten
user2376	like_read	news
user2376	like_general	technology
user2376	want	find easy ways to make money
user2376	want_do	invest in stock market
user2376	has_ability	website design
user2377	marital_status	married
user2377	dislike	writing
user2377	physical_attribute	sight
user2377	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user2378	other	feet smell
user2378	physical_attribute	blonde
user2378	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user2378	like_general	money
user2379	misc_attribute	out of touch
user2379	gender	different
user2379	other	sexual identity
user2380	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user2380	dislike	formal situations
user2380	live_in_general	alone
user2380	like_activity	hiking
user2381	have_family	husband
user2381	like_activity	cooking
user2381	have	girlfriend
user2381	like_activity	singing
user2382	has_ability	play instrument
user2382	has_profession	musician
user2382	have_pet	koi
user2382	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user2382	has_hobby	gardening
user2383	has_profession	scientist
user2383	physical_attribute	tall
user2383	has_hobby	gymnastics
user2384	misc_attribute	literal
user2384	dislike	small talk
user2384	misc_attribute	aspergers
user2384	misc_attribute	smart
user2385	like_sports	swimming
user2385	job_status	unemployed
user2385	dislike	0 taco
user2385	favorite_drink	chocolate
user2385	physical_attribute	bald
user2386	like_goto	festivals
user2386	like_food	meat
user2386	like_music	the story so far
user2386	employed_by_company	online
user2387	favorite_place	jamaica
user2387	like_activity	traveling
user2387	has_profession	travel agent
user2388	like_music	van halen
user2388	want_job	doctor
user2388	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user2388	like_activity	traveling
user2389	like_general	blue
user2389	has_hobby	swimming
user2389	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user2389	like_goto	concerts
user2389	has_ability	play instrument
user2390	other	<blank>
user2390	has_age	8
user2390	favorite	superman
user2390	want_job	superhero
user2390	like_read	comics
user2391	employed_by_general	restaurant
user2391	has_hobby	cooking
user2391	have_pet	1 dog
user2392	favorite_music	rock
user2392	have_pet	2 dog
user2392	has_profession	farmer
user2392	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user2393	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user2393	own	agency
user2393	gender	female
user2394	like_activity	working out
user2394	favorite_food	healthy
user2394	like_sports	soccer
user2394	want	cool
user2394	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user2395	has_age	29
user2395	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user2395	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user2395	like_general	going to bed late
user2395	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user2396	like_sports	volley ball
user2396	like_activity	hiking
user2396	like_food	pickled eggs
user2396	like_activity	doing nails
user2396	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user2397	marital_status	married
user2397	like_goto	museum
user2397	have_family	10 niece
user2397	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user2397	has_profession	writer
user2398	dislike	pizza
user2398	has_profession	teacher
user2398	have	no television
user2398	like_read	<blank>
user2399	employed_by_general	daycare
user2399	attend_school	university
user2399	have_family	partner
user2399	school_status	major in business administration
user2400	misc_attribute	bored
user2400	marital_status	married
user2400	have_chidren	children
user2400	own	money
user2401	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user2401	has_profession	cashier
user2401	has_age	25
user2402	has_hobby	drawing
user2402	have	braces
user2402	want_do	dieting
user2403	like_watching	british
user2403	have	2 grandchildren
user2403	like_animal	animals
user2403	previous_profession	programmer
user2403	has_age	77
user2404	has_hobby	writing
user2404	has_hobby	shopping
user2404	misc_attribute	cold
user2404	<blank>	<blank>
user2405	has_profession	semi trucks
user2405	want_do	vacation
user2405	marital_status	married
user2406	job_status	employed
user2406	like_watching	anime
user2406	like_general	bartolo colon
user2406	have	nickname
user2407	like_goto	festivals
user2407	like_music	the story so far
user2407	like_food	meat
user2407	employed_by_company	online
user2407	have	alias
user2408	has_hobby	horseback riding
user2408	have	many girlfriends
user2408	like_general	boots
user2408	like_food	beef
user2409	has_profession	scientist
user2409	like_music	the beatles
user2409	has_hobby	gymnastics
user2409	physical_attribute	tall
user2410	physical_attribute	short
user2410	have_sibling	twin brother
user2410	has_hobby	baking
user2410	has_hobby	tap dancing
user2410	favorite_book	david copperfield
user2411	has_hobby	running
user2411	want_do	own a restaurant
user2411	has_profession	cook
user2411	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user2411	job_status	seeking employment
user2412	like_activity	darts
user2412	like_music	classic rock
user2412	like_activity	fixing
user2412	like_drink	beer
user2413	has_profession	actor
user2413	has_hobby	filmmaking
user2413	has_profession	actor
user2413	has_profession	actor
user2414	like_music	10 concerts
user2414	like_music	any
user2414	employed_by_general	retailer
user2415	other	am allergic to apples
user2415	has_profession	coach
user2415	like_activity	crocheting
user2415	has_profession	teacher
user2416	like_activity	collecting rocks
user2416	like_general	huge paintings.
user2416	like_food	beans
user2416	like_activity	zumba
user2416	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user2417	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user2417	has_profession	personal trainer
user2417	like_activity	fishing
user2417	has_hobby	hiking
user2418	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user2418	other	braces
user2418	attend_school	high school
user2419	physical_attribute	curly
user2419	like_activity	gardening
user2419	like_general	crystals
user2419	misc_attribute	independent
user2420	like_general	furniture
user2420	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user2420	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user2420	has_ability	play instrument
user2421	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user2421	has_hobby	reading
user2421	have	few friends
user2421	like_goto	park
user2422	member_of	church
user2422	have_chidren	5 children
user2422	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user2423	misc_attribute	polite
user2423	like_food	1 restaurant
user2423	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user2423	misc_attribute	aspiring
user2423	employed_by_general	bank
user2424	has_profession	general
user2424	have_family	father
user2424	has_hobby	larping
user2424	has_age	32
user2425	like_animal	panda
user2425	other	vegetarian
user2425	like_sports	surfing
user2426	have_vehicle	car
user2426	has_profession	mechanic
user2426	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user2426	have_pet	1 dog
user2427	like_sports	sports
user2427	favorite	raptors
user2427	has_ability	sleeping
user2427	want_job	dentist
user2428	have_pet	dog
user2428	employed_by_company	target
user2428	physical_attribute	7"
user2428	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user2428	like_goto	movie theater
user2429	have_pet	dog
user2429	like_activity	racing rc cars
user2429	like_food	fish
user2429	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2430	like_activity	writing
user2430	own	glasses
user2430	attend_school	college
user2430	has_hobby	ride bike
user2430	have	laptop
user2431	like_food	pretzels
user2431	employed_by_general	railroad
user2431	like_music	vnv nation
user2431	other	omnivore
user2431	like_watching	science fiction
user2432	like_sports	cycling
user2432	favorite_activity	outdoors
user2432	has_ability	cook
user2432	has_ability	3 speak language
user2433	like_animal	all animals
user2433	favorite_music	country
user2433	other	vegan
user2433	previous_profession	actress
user2434	physical_attribute	short
user2434	want_job	unspecified
user2434	have_pet	1 dog
user2434	have_sibling	2 sibling
user2435	like_drink	beer
user2435	like_general	fun
user2435	like_activity	football
user2436	other	am lesbian
user2436	has_profession	baker
user2436	physical_attribute	overweight
user2436	has_hobby	video games
user2437	want_do	skydiving
user2437	job_status	internship
user2437	other	character
user2438	favorite_food	italian
user2438	like_activity	model building
user2438	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user2438	like_watching	netflix
user2439	has_hobby	shopping
user2439	employed_by_general	retailer
user2439	like_general	katy perry
user2439	have_vehicle	ford
user2439	like_drink	coke
user2440	have_family	mother
user2440	school_status	graduated
user2440	have_family	grandmother
user2441	like_animal	dog
user2441	has_hobby	cooking
user2441	has_hobby	traveling
user2441	like_food	pizza
user2442	physical_attribute	tall
user2442	want_do	play
user2442	want_do	basketball
user2442	have	knee surgery
user2442	school_status	graduated
user2443	like_activity	driving
user2443	like_read	<blank>
user2443	have	survived
user2443	physical_attribute	tall
user2444	like_food	pancakes
user2444	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user2444	has_hobby	fishing
user2444	like_general	lumberjacking
user2445	own	george foreman grill
user2445	has_hobby	fishing
user2445	has_ability	play instrument
user2445	dislike	fast food
user2445	like_activity	go karting
user2446	physical_attribute	deaf
user2446	marital_status	single
user2446	favorite_place	mall
user2446	have_pet	dog
user2447	attend_school	university
user2447	has_ability	play instrument
user2447	have_vehicle	ford
user2447	has_age	25
user2447	have	name
user2448	have_family	sibling
user2448	physical_attribute	1 arm
user2448	has_profession	farmer
user2448	school_status	graduated
user2449	have_pet	cat
user2449	favorite_food	chicken
user2449	like_music	metallica
user2449	like_goto	gym
user2449	like_read	autobiographies
user2450	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user2450	have_pet	2 dog
user2450	like_food	cake
user2450	has_ability	play instrument
user2450	have_chidren	4 daughter
user2451	like_food	chocolate
user2451	like_watching	anime
user2451	own	2 laptops
user2452	favorite_show	friends
user2452	have	timeshare
user2452	favorite_food	sushi
user2452	has_profession	<blank>
user2453	place_origin	baton rouge
user2453	has_profession	chef
user2453	have_pet	parrot
user2453	gender	male
user2454	want_do	retire
user2454	employed_by_company	ibm
user2454	like_music	the rolling stones
user2454	physical_attribute	tall
user2454	job_status	not a basketball player
user2455	live_in_general	city
user2455	have_pet	horse
user2455	employed_by_general	indie band
user2455	like_drink	beer
user2456	dislike	losing
user2456	have	boots
user2456	like_activity	fishing
user2456	favorite_season	spring
user2457	previous_profession	farmer
user2457	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user2457	want_do	move
user2457	like_watching	reality tv
user2457	previous_profession	farmer
user2458	has_profession	make robots
user2458	marital_status	single
user2458	like_general	going to bed late
user2458	have	bas social life
user2459	teach	cheerleading
user2459	like_general	family time
user2459	employed_by_general	online company
user2459	other	soccer mom
user2459	has_ability	cook
user2460	has_ability	1 dancing
user2460	have	support of my whole family
user2460	like_activity	ballet
user2461	like_general	fashion designers
user2461	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user2461	like_activity	shopping
user2461	like_general	fashion
user2462	has_ability	dance
user2462	has_ability	play instrument
user2462	other	vegetarian
user2462	like_activity	singing
user2463	other	am frugal
user2463	favorite_season	winter
user2463	dislike	swimsuits
user2464	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user2464	has_ability	bird calls
user2464	has_hobby	volunteering
user2464	other	partially blind
user2465	has_hobby	fashion
user2465	live_in_general	apartment
user2465	like_goto	craft shows
user2465	has_profession	barista
user2465	favorite_book	the bible
user2466	have_pet	3 cat
user2466	like_activity	swimming
user2466	favorite_color	orange
user2466	has_profession	secretary
user2466	like_food	taco
user2467	like_activity	walking
user2467	like_activity	go to lake
user2467	misc_attribute	happy
user2467	has_hobby	knitting
user2468	physical_attribute	short
user2468	gender	female
user2468	dislike	tomato
user2468	have	wheel chair
user2468	have_chidren	2 children
user2469	has_hobby	archery
user2469	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user2469	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user2469	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user2469	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2470	have_pet	cat
user2470	like_general	books
user2470	employed_by_general	cafe
user2470	like_activity	sewing
user2471	like_general	red
user2471	like_activity	dance
user2471	have_vehicle	prius
user2471	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user2472	like_activity	standing in the rain
user2472	favorite	actress
user2472	want	faster computer
user2473	dislike	riding the bus
user2473	job_status	employed
user2473	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user2474	has_hobby	yoga
user2474	has_profession	marketing
user2474	other	vegan
user2474	has_ability	meditate
user2474	have	an online business
user2475	have_sibling	1 sister
user2475	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user2475	school_status	student
user2475	have_family	father
user2476	have_pet	dog
user2476	own	bike
user2476	like_drink	milk shakes
user2476	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user2476	favorite	holiday is halloween
user2477	favorite_music	rock
user2477	has_hobby	traveling
user2477	attend_school	university
user2477	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user2478	misc_attribute	religious
user2478	misc_attribute	religious
user2478	dislike	evil
user2478	misc_attribute	weak
user2479	like_goto	restaurant
user2479	has_ability	play instrument
user2479	like_music	rap
user2479	like_activity	cooking
user2479	like_music	drake
user2480	like_general	winter
user2480	like_general	morning
user2480	like_sports	swimming
user2480	favorite	apple
user2481	have_pet	doberman
user2481	gender	male
user2481	has_profession	mechanic
user2481	has_age	25
user2482	has_hobby	fishing
user2482	like_music	charlie daniels
user2482	place_origin	tennessee
user2482	have_pet	dog
user2483	school_status	student
user2483	like_animal	fish
user2483	employed_by_company	computer company
user2483	have_chidren	5 children
user2484	has_profession	yoga instruction
user2484	have_pet	2 dog
user2484	have_chidren	1 son
user2484	have	seashells
user2484	like_general	horses
user2485	want	eats too much fries
user2485	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user2485	own	clothing
user2486	like_general	children
user2486	like_food	<blank>
user2486	like_activity	chatting with friends
user2486	like_activity	cooking
user2487	like_general	money
user2487	other	feet smell
user2487	physical_attribute	blonde
user2488	like_activity	napping
user2488	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user2488	has_hobby	singing
user2488	like_watching	sport
user2489	has_profession	security guard
user2489	other	saw a solar eclipse
user2489	has_hobby	chess
user2489	have	high speed internet
user2490	like_general	blue
user2490	has_hobby	cooking
user2490	physical_attribute	blonde
user2490	like_activity	running
user2491	like_music	country
user2491	misc_attribute	optimistic
user2491	employed_by_company	scrubway
user2491	attend_school	university
user2491	want_do	video games
user2492	like_read	<blank>
user2492	has_profession	nurse
user2492	have	2 smartphones
user2492	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user2492	other	vegan
user2493	has_ability	can build computers
user2493	previous_profession	mechanic
user2493	want	join military when younger
user2493	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user2493	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user2494	other	am diabetic
user2494	like_read	<blank>
user2494	has_hobby	listens
user2494	have_vehicle	<blank>
user2494	dislike	traffic
user2495	want	bike
user2495	like_music	jazz
user2495	physical_attribute	broke nose
user2495	employed_by_general	factory
user2495	favorite_place	seattle
user2496	dislike	school
user2496	physical_attribute	average american youth
user2496	misc_attribute	romantic
user2496	like_activity	walking
user2496	live_in_general	on lake
user2497	like_activity	mountain biking
user2497	like_activity	hiking
user2497	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user2497	like_activity	traveling
user2498	has_profession	package delivery
user2498	like_food	candy
user2498	misc_attribute	funny
user2498	have_pet	3 cat
user2498	have_vehicle	honda
user2499	have	home
user2499	other	traveling to japan
user2499	has_ability	3 speak language
user2499	has_hobby	traveling
user2499	has_profession	programmer
user2500	like_music	rap
user2500	employed_by_general	it
user2500	has_hobby	weed
user2501	marital_status	married
user2501	like_goto	casino
user2501	like_drink	32 beer
user2501	employed_by_general	brewery
user2502	has_hobby	hiking
user2502	school_status	graduated
user2502	want_job	teacher
user2502	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user2502	has_degree	american literature and education
user2503	like_music	0 toto
user2503	have_pet	dog
user2503	have_vehicle	car
user2503	like_food	meatloaf
user2504	physical_attribute	handicapped
user2504	has_hobby	driving
user2504	other	am blind
user2504	have	friends
user2504	has_profession	disc jockey
user2505	employed_by_general	publishing building
user2505	have	laugh
user2505	gender	female
user2505	like_activity	cooking
user2506	school_status	student
user2506	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user2506	have_pet	cat
user2506	favorite	rose
user2507	has_profession	design video games
user2507	dislike	afraid of the dark
user2507	favorite_music	rock
user2507	dislike	broccoli
user2508	marital_status	married
user2508	has_age	32
user2508	has_hobby	diet
user2508	marital_status	married
user2509	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user2509	live_in_general	wife and kids
user2509	gender	male
user2509	own	farm
user2510	like_goto	restaurant
user2510	like_activity	driving
user2510	like_read	in a series
user2510	like_goto	movie theater
user2510	like_general	to chat with my friends
user2511	have	shot lion
user2511	has_hobby	artist
user2511	want_do	climbing
user2511	like_activity	sculpting
user2512	physical_attribute	brunette
user2512	like_activity	sewing
user2512	physical_attribute	overweight
user2512	physical_attribute	short
user2512	have_pet	1 cat
user2513	have_pet	cat
user2513	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user2513	has_age	21
user2513	favorite	rose
user2514	has_profession	roofer
user2514	have	a beer
user2514	like_sports	football
user2514	favorite_food	steak
user2514	have_vehicle	truck
user2515	have_chidren	2 children
user2515	has_age	30
user2515	like_activity	walking
user2515	marital_status	married
user2516	employed_by_general	restaurant
user2516	has_hobby	cooking
user2517	has_hobby	fishing
user2517	like_food	pancakes
user2517	own	large ax
user2517	like_general	lumberjacking
user2517	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user2518	like_activity	reading
user2518	place_origin	farm
user2518	like_activity	beadworking
user2518	have	fibromyalgia
user2519	like_general	pink
user2519	like_general	being outside
user2519	like_food	pasta
user2519	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user2519	like_activity	swimming
user2520	has_hobby	cheerleading
user2520	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user2520	has_profession	blogger
user2520	have_chidren	children
user2521	want_do	10 own horses
user2521	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user2521	other	am lonely
user2521	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user2522	like_general	blue
user2522	like_general	reduit
user2522	like_activity	cycling
user2522	have	condo
user2522	has_profession	salesman
user2523	place_origin	farm
user2523	have_family	2 nephew
user2523	has_profession	veterinarian
user2523	has_hobby	running
user2524	like_goto	park
user2524	job_status	employed
user2524	has_hobby	video games
user2524	like_sports	running
user2525	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user2525	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user2525	like_read	crime
user2526	have_pet	2 dog
user2526	like_food	potato
user2526	gender	male
user2526	has_profession	accountant
user2526	have	car
user2527	attend_school	high school
user2527	like_music	bruno mars
user2527	has_hobby	cs and ds
user2527	like_activity	sleeping
user2527	like_food	sweets
user2528	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user2528	physical_attribute	thin
user2528	has_profession	0 clerk
user2529	has_hobby	yoga
user2529	job_status	employed
user2529	have	"dont have children"
user2529	like_goto	pool
user2529	like_activity	shopping
user2530	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user2530	marital_status	single
user2530	job_status	employed
user2530	dislike	coworker
user2531	school_status	student
user2531	other	name is mary
user2531	school_status	student
user2531	has_profession	receptionist
user2532	want	monogomy
user2532	job_status	employed
user2532	misc_attribute	not
user2532	like_goto	library
user2533	has_profession	doctor
user2533	marital_status	single
user2533	favorite	flower is a lily
user2533	like_read	<blank>
user2534	school_status	student
user2534	other	name is mary
user2534	has_profession	receptionist
user2534	school_status	student
user2535	has_profession	cartographer
user2535	like_activity	painting
user2535	like_activity	baking
user2535	like_activity	wrestling
user2535	previous_profession	nurse
user2536	favorite_food	pizza
user2536	marital_status	single
user2536	favorite_hobby	reading
user2536	favorite	subject was science
user2537	favorite_food	steak
user2537	like_activity	travel alone
user2537	have	0 parents
user2537	misc_attribute	smart
user2538	has_hobby	volunteering
user2538	has_ability	4 speak language
user2538	has_ability	impersonations
user2538	other	award winner
user2539	dislike	cleaning
user2539	has_profession	finance
user2539	other	italian american
user2539	has_hobby	painting
user2539	like_general	blue
user2540	like_activity	dance
user2540	like_watching	disney movies
user2540	member_of	dance team
user2540	attend_school	high school
user2541	favorite_music	barbie girl
user2541	have_family	only child
user2541	like_general	barbie
user2541	other	nancy
user2541	gender	female
user2542	favorite_color	purple
user2542	not_have	car
user2542	not_have	child
user2542	live_in_general	park
user2543	has_hobby	donating clothes
user2543	has_profession	poet
user2543	have_pet	fish
user2544	have_pet	cat
user2544	misc_attribute	dirty
user2544	own	suspenders
user2544	like_activity	video games
user2545	place_origin	farm
user2545	has_age	18
user2545	like_goto	rock concerts
user2545	other	carnivore
user2545	like_activity	with friends
user2546	have	never flown on an airplane
user2546	has_profession	farmer
user2546	like_activity	tailgate parties
user2546	favorite_season	duck hunting
user2546	have	girlfriend
user2547	has_hobby	driving
user2547	member_of	hobby club
user2547	have	10 tattoos
user2547	has_age	adult
user2547	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user2548	has_hobby	cheerleading
user2548	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user2548	has_profession	blogger
user2548	have_chidren	children
user2548	like_activity	shopping
user2549	school_status	graduated
user2549	like_food	taco
user2549	attend_school	michigan
user2549	favorite_season	summer
user2550	misc_attribute	cold
user2550	has_hobby	shopping
user2550	live_in_general	alone
user2550	has_hobby	writing
user2550	<blank>	<blank>
user2551	like_activity	dancing
user2551	own	farm
user2551	other	vegan
user2551	like_music	country
user2551	like_animal	animals
user2552	school_status	student
user2552	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user2552	have_pet	dog
user2553	have_family	children
user2553	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user2553	like_activity	driving
user2553	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user2554	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user2554	favorite	superman
user2554	like_drink	pepsi
user2554	have_vehicle	toyota
user2555	<blank>	<blank>
user2555	like_activity	singing
user2555	has_hobby	writing
user2555	want_do	<blank>
user2555	favorite_color	black
user2556	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user2556	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user2556	has_age	25
user2556	has_profession	cashier
user2557	own	motorcycle
user2557	other	no accent
user2557	attend_school	university
user2557	attend_school	high school
user2558	dislike	vegetables
user2558	favorite	truck
user2558	favorite_place	american eagle
user2558	has_hobby	running
user2559	other	lives with a roommate
user2559	job_status	employed
user2559	favorite_animal	koala
user2559	dislike	beer
user2560	have	nickname
user2560	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user2560	like_activity	singing
user2561	has_profession	yoga instruction
user2561	have_chidren	2 children
user2561	like_watching	western
user2561	want_do	travel
user2562	attend_school	online
user2562	marital_status	engaged
user2562	like_music	rock
user2562	like_food	ice cream
user2563	have_vehicle	mercedes
user2563	like_food	1 sugar
user2563	have_sibling	3 sibling
user2563	other	profession
user2563	marital_status	engaged
user2564	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user2564	has_age	21
user2564	have_pet	cat
user2564	school_status	student
user2564	favorite	rose
user2565	like_food	home-cooked meals
user2565	like_general	blue
user2565	favorite_show	fantasy
user2565	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user2566	favorite	daisy
user2566	employed_by_general	real estate
user2566	marital_status	dating
user2566	has_age	20
user2567	favorite_season	winter
user2567	dislike	swimsuits
user2567	other	am frugal
user2568	like_general	computers
user2568	has_ability	math
user2568	misc_attribute	nerd
user2568	like_activity	0 thinking
user2568	have_sibling	sibling
user2569	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user2569	has_hobby	football
user2569	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user2569	like_read	fiction
user2569	favorite_book	science fiction
user2570	other	diabetic
user2570	like_activity	video games
user2570	like_music	rock
user2570	job_status	unemployed
user2571	has_profession	receptionist
user2571	like_general	brothers
user2571	have_pet	2 dog
user2571	favorite_place	disney world
user2571	like_read	crime
user2572	have_chidren	4 daughter
user2572	like_animal	fish
user2572	like_activity	board games
user2572	has_profession	driver
user2573	like_general	vote
user2573	favorite	toyota cars
user2573	want	truck
user2573	employed_by_general	hospital
user2573	dislike	overtime
user2574	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user2574	have_family	children
user2574	like_activity	driving
user2574	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user2575	has_hobby	skiing
user2575	has_hobby	skiing
user2575	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user2575	has_ability	ski racer
user2576	own	sneakers
user2576	favorite	sleep
user2576	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user2576	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user2576	favorite	sleep
user2577	own	suburban
user2577	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user2577	has_ability	driving
user2577	member_of	hobby club
user2577	like_drink	apple martinis
user2578	dislike	tomato
user2578	have	wheel chair
user2578	physical_attribute	short
user2578	gender	female
user2579	place_origin	virginia
user2579	has_ability	driving
user2580	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user2580	has_ability	play instrument
user2580	like_general	blue
user2580	has_hobby	swimming
user2580	like_goto	concerts
user2581	physical_attribute	blue hair
user2581	have_vehicle	car
user2581	own	blue shoes
user2581	like_general	the color blue
user2581	like_music	elvis
user2582	have_vehicle	van
user2582	other	hippie
user2582	physical_attribute	red hair
user2582	have	2 tattoos
user2583	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user2583	school_status	student
user2583	own	hair
user2583	like_animal	lizard
user2584	like_general	horses
user2584	have_chidren	1 son
user2584	has_profession	yoga instruction
user2584	have	seashells
user2585	has_age	21
user2585	member_of	other club
user2585	live_in_general	ranch
user2585	like_goto	outdoors
user2585	physical_attribute	brunette
user2586	attend_school	graduate school
user2586	school_status	student
user2586	like_food	sushi
user2587	misc_attribute	dishonest
user2587	want_do	<blank>
user2587	misc_attribute	personable
user2587	misc_attribute	physical
user2588	want	to take over the world
user2588	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user2588	have	nickname
user2588	like_activity	singing
user2589	attend_school	umass
user2589	have	tattoo
user2589	other	vegan
user2589	like_music	concerts
user2590	other	friends.
user2590	marital_status	married
user2590	has_ability	feeling lost
user2590	have_chidren	2 son
user2591	like_music	10 concerts
user2591	like_music	madonna
user2591	like_music	any
user2591	employed_by_general	retailer
user2592	like_activity	video games
user2592	job_status	unemployed
user2592	other	diabetic
user2592	like_music	rock
user2593	want_do	skydiving
user2593	have_pet	reptile
user2593	job_status	internship
user2594	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user2594	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user2594	favorite_activity	reading
user2594	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user2595	own	2 hoop earrings
user2595	have_pet	named charlie
user2595	has_profession	artist
user2596	own	computer
user2596	like_watching	foreign
user2596	like_activity	learning
user2596	want_do	speak language
user2596	misc_attribute	complex
user2597	like_goto	beach
user2597	other	am the best aunt
user2597	has_hobby	cooking
user2597	school_status	graduate student
user2597	have	obsession with dog
user2598	place_origin	farm
user2598	like_activity	with friends
user2598	has_age	18
user2598	like_goto	rock concerts
user2598	other	carnivore
user2599	dislike	1 cooking
user2599	like_activity	video games
user2599	have_family	mother
user2599	physical_attribute	long hair
user2600	has_profession	semi trucks
user2600	marital_status	married
user2600	want_do	vacation
user2601	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2601	other	help with bookeeping
user2601	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user2601	like_food	food with no animal product
user2602	want	move to another country
user2602	have	debt
user2602	like_music	electronic
user2602	school_status	student
user2602	like_goto	nature
user2603	have	too be perfect
user2603	misc_attribute	slow
user2603	job_status	employed
user2603	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user2604	attend_school	stanford
user2604	has_profession	athlete
user2604	marital_status	married
user2604	favorite	theory henry
user2605	like_activity	photography
user2605	dislike	waking up early
user2605	like_general	candles
user2605	like_activity	spending money
user2606	own	agency
user2606	gender	female
user2606	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user2606	marital_status	married
user2607	has_profession	rock band
user2607	favorite_color	orange
user2607	dislike	make up
user2607	physical_attribute	long nails
user2607	have_vehicle	moped
user2608	physical_attribute	average american youth
user2608	dislike	school
user2608	like_activity	walking
user2608	live_in_general	on lake
user2608	misc_attribute	romantic
user2609	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user2609	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user2609	like_general	my image
user2609	want	mom was healthier
user2609	want	to go to another school
user2610	like_music	<blank>
user2610	other	vegan
user2610	like_activity	skateboarding
user2610	like_music	guitar
user2610	like_activity	cycling
user2611	other	hippie
user2611	physical_attribute	red hair
user2611	have	2 tattoos
user2611	have_vehicle	van
user2612	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user2612	has_hobby	singing
user2612	like_activity	crocheting
user2612	teach	6 teaching
user2613	favorite_food	jello
user2613	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user2613	like_activity	card game
user2613	have_pet	4 pet
user2613	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user2614	like_general	attention
user2614	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user2614	other	orphan
user2614	like_general	close friends
user2614	misc_attribute	clown
user2615	want_do	major in business
user2615	school_status	graduated
user2615	have	scholarship
user2615	have_vehicle	car
user2616	like_activity	shopping
user2616	live_in_general	small town
user2616	want_job	nurse
user2617	has_hobby	skiing
user2617	like_music	blues
user2617	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user2617	employed_by_general	bar
user2618	like_activity	walking
user2618	like_activity	baking
user2618	previous_profession	chef
user2618	place_origin	mexico
user2619	has_ability	play instrument
user2619	like_activity	cooking
user2619	like_music	drake
user2619	like_goto	restaurant
user2619	like_music	rap
user2620	have_pet	1 cat
user2620	physical_attribute	short
user2620	physical_attribute	brunette
user2620	like_activity	sewing
user2620	physical_attribute	overweight
user2621	has_profession	truck driver
user2621	has_profession	driver
user2621	has_hobby	camping
user2621	favorite_hobby	baseball
user2622	dislike	dust
user2622	physical_attribute	attractive
user2622	have	allergies
user2622	physical_attribute	red skin
user2623	dislike	mexican food
user2623	like_food	cheetos
user2623	have	4 visited mexico
user2623	like_activity	skiing
user2624	like_music	pink
user2624	like_drink	coffee
user2625	dislike	dad
user2625	have	"drivers license"
user2625	like_activity	fashion
user2625	like_music	kurt cobain
user2626	has_profession	zoologist
user2626	job_status	with wife
user2626	have	taught
user2627	misc_attribute	smart
user2627	have_pet	dog
user2627	want	money
user2628	like_music	madonna
user2628	employed_by_general	retailer
user2628	like_music	10 concerts
user2628	like_music	any
user2629	has_profession	design video games
user2629	has_profession	designer
user2629	job_status	unemployed
user2630	like_music	country
user2630	have_vehicle	truck
user2630	like_activity	hunting
user2630	like_watching	sport
user2631	like_drink	expensive wine
user2631	other	lost jewelry
user2631	have_pet	dog
user2631	job_status	unemployed
user2632	misc_attribute	healthy
user2632	has_profession	yoga instruction
user2632	like_movie	romantic comedy
user2632	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user2632	like_activity	writing
user2633	like_general	iphone
user2633	like_movie	superhero
user2633	marital_status	single
user2633	own	2 monitors
user2633	own	ebooks
user2634	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2634	attend_school	university
user2634	have_pet	4 cat
user2634	like_music	metallica
user2635	has_profession	driver
user2635	has_hobby	camping
user2635	have_chidren	2 children
user2635	favorite_hobby	baseball
user2635	has_profession	truck driver
user2636	has_ability	singing
user2636	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user2636	has_profession	actor
user2636	want_job	writer
user2636	like_activity	painting
user2637	like_activity	hiking
user2637	have_pet	dog
user2637	has_hobby	writing
user2638	like_activity	rpg computer games
user2638	have	crush
user2638	has_hobby	tabletop games
user2638	live_in_general	a home
user2639	misc_attribute	educated
user2639	have_pet	dog
user2639	other	carnivore
user2639	employed_by_company	<blank>
user2640	want_job	entrepreneur
user2640	have_vehicle	car
user2640	like_sports	fan
user2640	like_activity	hanging out
user2640	like_activity	politics
user2641	other	viking
user2641	like_activity	fishing
user2641	live_in_general	a cold location
user2642	like_activity	tennis
user2642	like_activity	travel
user2642	has_profession	lifeguard
user2643	like_activity	singing
user2643	has_hobby	singing
user2643	misc_attribute	shy
user2643	has_ability	unclear
user2643	other	was accepted to participate
user2644	misc_attribute	talkative
user2644	has_hobby	drawing
user2644	have	braces
user2645	like_food	meat
user2645	like_activity	painting
user2645	has_profession	car salesman
user2646	like_read	horror
user2646	has_profession	accountant
user2646	like_general	blue
user2646	have_pet	3 dog
user2646	like_goto	the lake
user2647	dislike	math
user2647	have_vehicle	lexus
user2647	have_pet	dog
user2647	attend_school	university
user2648	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user2648	gender	female
user2648	has_degree	masters
user2648	favorite_color	purple
user2648	has_hobby	swimming
user2649	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user2649	has_hobby	football
user2649	favorite_book	science fiction
user2649	like_read	fiction
user2650	have_family	husband
user2650	have	girlfriend
user2650	like_activity	cooking
user2650	like_activity	singing
user2651	have	1 blue eye
user2651	have_pet	cat
user2651	has_ability	speak language
user2652	other	vegetarian
user2652	dislike	traffic
user2653	have_chidren	2 children
user2653	has_degree	law
user2653	have	vacation home
user2653	have_pet	3 dog
user2654	live_in_general	with parents
user2654	has_age	32
user2654	like_food	take out
user2654	dislike	job
user2654	has_hobby	video games
user2655	like_activity	watching television
user2655	like_drink	water
user2655	like_sports	<blank>
user2655	have	been in two car crashes
user2656	physical_attribute	brunette
user2656	like_food	carrots
user2656	own	wear contacts
user2656	like_activity	cycling
user2657	other	had cancer
user2657	other	dieting
user2657	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user2657	like_music	classical
user2657	want	to become male model
user2658	have	passport
user2658	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user2658	other	was on the news
user2659	want_do	fix
user2659	like_general	vinyl records
user2659	misc_attribute	active
user2659	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user2660	misc_attribute	confused
user2660	has_hobby	driving
user2660	like_general	sunshine
user2660	have_family	grandchild
user2661	has_hobby	traveling
user2661	marital_status	married
user2661	gender	male
user2661	favorite_book	the bible
user2662	dislike	fish
user2662	have_pet	23 cat
user2662	like_activity	painting
user2662	has_hobby	traveling
user2663	dislike	winter
user2663	favorite_show	csi
user2663	misc_attribute	risky
user2664	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user2664	like_food	pasta
user2664	like_general	pink
user2664	like_activity	swimming
user2664	like_general	being outside
user2665	has_ability	left sock first.
user2665	dislike	spider
user2665	favorite_activity	pray
user2665	have	condition
user2666	own	wear glasses
user2666	misc_attribute	shy
user2666	has_profession	1 librarian
user2666	marital_status	divorced
user2666	have_chidren	0 children
user2667	have_pet	cat
user2667	like_activity	video games
user2667	own	suspenders
user2667	misc_attribute	dirty
user2667	want	a real dragon
user2668	like_general	going to bed late
user2668	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user2668	has_age	29
user2668	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user2668	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user2669	want_do	<blank>
user2669	other	vegetarian
user2669	live_in_general	pig farm
user2669	dislike	animals in general
user2669	have	allergies
user2670	has_ability	sing
user2670	misc_attribute	shy
user2670	other	was accepted to participate
user2670	misc_attribute	shy
user2670	has_ability	unclear
user2671	have_pet	5 cat
user2671	nationality	british
user2671	like_general	blue
user2672	misc_attribute	weird
user2672	has_hobby	skateboarding
user2672	have	2 hair
user2672	misc_attribute	lazy
user2673	like_activity	role play
user2673	has_hobby	reading
user2673	like_read	comics
user2673	misc_attribute	artistic
user2674	school_status	student
user2674	like_music	yo gotti
user2674	like_watching	drama
user2675	has_hobby	camping
user2675	favorite_hobby	baseball
user2675	have_chidren	2 children
user2675	has_profession	truck driver
user2675	has_profession	driver
user2676	like_general	model building
user2676	like_activity	camping
user2676	place_origin	england
user2676	have_family	0 mother
user2677	misc_attribute	lose control
user2677	has_profession	manager
user2677	dislike	boss
user2677	like_music	bob marley
user2678	school_status	student
user2678	other	vegan
user2678	like_activity	drawing
user2678	place_origin	france
user2679	like_activity	travel
user2679	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user2679	employed_by_general	factory
user2679	like_watching	ufc fights
user2679	like_food	cheese
user2680	employed_by_general	factory
user2680	misc_attribute	lazy
user2680	misc_attribute	antisocial
user2680	like_activity	sleeping
user2681	like_activity	tennis
user2681	has_profession	lifeguard
user2681	like_music	chainsmokers
user2682	like_sports	swimming
user2682	physical_attribute	bald
user2682	dislike	0 taco
user2682	job_status	unemployed
user2682	favorite_drink	chocolate
user2683	misc_attribute	friendly
user2683	have	nice smile
user2683	like_activity	working out
user2683	misc_attribute	mean
user2684	has_profession	engineer
user2684	live_in_general	alone
user2684	like_activity	photography
user2684	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user2684	like_activity	hiking
user2685	like_activity	play league of legends
user2685	like_animal	dog
user2685	has_hobby	walking
user2685	has_profession	gamer
user2685	marital_status	single
user2686	like_music	indie
user2686	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user2686	want_job	teacher
user2686	dislike	some foods
user2686	like_animal	dog
user2687	like_goto	paris
user2687	like_goto	opera
user2687	physical_attribute	6 tall
user2687	like_music	classical
user2687	favorite	auto
user2688	like_food	strawberry
user2688	like_food	food with no animal product
user2688	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user2688	like_goto	beach
user2688	have_pet	2 cat
user2689	physical_attribute	tall
user2689	misc_attribute	bizarre
user2689	misc_attribute	genius
user2689	physical_attribute	purple hair
user2690	favorite_color	green
user2690	like_activity	cooking
user2690	like_activity	swimming
user2691	has_profession	party planning
user2691	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user2691	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user2692	like_general	canadian women
user2692	like_food	ginger snaps
user2692	like_activity	relieving myself
user2692	have_vehicle	prius
user2692	has_hobby	hiking
user2693	other	beard
user2693	physical_attribute	short
user2693	have_family	8 brother
user2694	favorite	holiday
user2694	like_music	alternative rock
user2694	own	house
user2694	like_activity	crocheting
user2695	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user2695	own	universe
user2695	like_activity	clubbing
user2695	has_profession	dental assistant
user2696	marital_status	married
user2696	has_profession	cleaner
user2696	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user2697	<blank>	travel
user2697	like_activity	travel
user2698	like_sports	hockey
user2698	other	flew out of country
user2698	attend_school	university
user2698	have_family	1 sibling
user2699	<blank>	<blank>
user2699	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user2699	like_activity	singing
user2699	favorite	halo 3
user2700	has_hobby	basketball
user2700	have_chidren	2 son
user2700	marital_status	married
user2700	other	friends.
user2701	have_sibling	3 sibling
user2701	job_status	employed
user2701	has_hobby	hiking
user2701	other	has not left country
user2701	other	<blank>
user2702	like_activity	walking
user2702	has_hobby	knitting
user2702	like_music	<blank>
user2702	like_activity	go to lake
user2702	misc_attribute	happy
user2703	favorite_show	fantasy
user2703	like_food	home-cooked meals
user2703	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user2704	has_profession	baker
user2704	other	am lesbian
user2704	like_animal	cat
user2704	physical_attribute	overweight
user2705	employed_by_general	publishing building
user2705	marital_status	single
user2705	like_activity	cooking
user2705	gender	female
user2706	like_activity	video games
user2706	like_activity	racing rc cars
user2706	have_pet	dog
user2706	like_food	fish
user2706	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2707	like_food	nachos
user2707	has_hobby	filmng
user2707	dislike	popcorn
user2708	has_profession	nurse
user2708	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user2708	like_read	<blank>
user2708	have	2 smartphones
user2708	other	vegan
user2709	like_food	vegetarian
user2709	has_hobby	watching television
user2709	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user2709	attend_school	local college
user2709	like_music	classic rock
user2710	have_pet	2 dog
user2710	favorite_place	disney world
user2710	like_read	crime
user2710	has_profession	receptionist
user2711	like_animal	unicorn
user2711	has_ability	playing pool
user2711	want_do	travel
user2711	want_do	<blank>
user2712	like_food	lobster
user2712	employed_by_company	google
user2712	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user2712	employed_by_company	google
user2713	have_sibling	sibling
user2713	has_profession	carpenter
user2713	previous_profession	slave
user2713	marital_status	married
user2713	like_general	red
user2714	own	band tees
user2714	like_music	techno
user2714	like_goto	comic-con
user2714	like_general	anime
user2715	like_activity	hiking
user2715	dislike	losing things
user2715	like_food	fish
user2715	like_music	marduk
user2716	own	black car
user2716	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user2716	own	black purse
user2716	like_general	wearing black clothing
user2716	like_music	rock
user2717	has_hobby	d&d
user2717	favorite_food	nachos
user2717	dislike	talking to people
user2717	other	imaginative
user2717	like_drink	beverage
user2718	physical_attribute	short hair
user2718	other	allergies
user2718	member_of	community center
user2718	has_ability	play instrument
user2718	like_watching	horror
user2719	has_profession	gamer
user2719	like_activity	play league of legends
user2719	like_animal	dog
user2719	marital_status	single
user2719	has_hobby	walking
user2720	want_do	<blank>
user2720	<blank>	<blank>
user2720	has_hobby	writing
user2720	like_activity	singing
user2720	favorite_color	black
user2721	has_ability	play instrument
user2721	want_do	skydiving
user2721	like_activity	gardening
user2721	misc_attribute	helpful
user2721	have_sibling	twin brother
user2722	have_chidren	2 children
user2722	like_activity	singing
user2722	has_hobby	martial arts
user2722	has_profession	businessman
user2723	employed_by_general	hotel
user2723	like_activity	video games
user2723	like_food	junk food
user2723	favorite_music	kpop
user2724	job_status	employed
user2724	favorite_color	green
user2724	like_animal	cat
user2724	like_general	car
user2724	like_activity	travel
user2725	has_profession	accountant
user2725	favorite	bob ross
user2725	has_hobby	hiking
user2725	other	vegan
user2726	have_family	mother
user2726	like_general	being a guy
user2726	like_food	burrito
user2726	like_activity	hiking
user2727	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user2727	like_general	leather clothes
user2727	like_general	sleeping in
user2727	like_general	boots
user2727	<blank>	<blank>
user2728	have_family	2 nephew
user2728	has_hobby	running
user2728	place_origin	farm
user2729	employed_by_general	doctors office
user2729	favorite	flower is a lily
user2729	marital_status	single
user2729	like_read	<blank>
user2729	like_animal	dog
user2730	has_ability	driving
user2730	has_profession	truck driver
user2731	other	veteran
user2731	have	girlfriend
user2731	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user2731	like_food	meat
user2732	misc_attribute	disbelief
user2732	other	wiccan
user2732	like_general	the story
user2732	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2733	like_activity	cooking
user2733	want_do	traveling
user2733	have_pet	cat
user2734	has_ability	play instrument
user2734	like_activity	video games
user2734	other	gay
user2734	has_profession	welder
user2735	like_food	lobster
user2735	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user2735	employed_by_company	google
user2735	has_profession	engineer
user2736	like_read	<blank>
user2736	favorite_color	yellow
user2736	like_activity	working out
user2736	like_activity	game halo
user2736	employed_by_general	magazine
user2737	<blank>	<blank>
user2737	has_hobby	writing
user2737	like_activity	singing
user2737	favorite_color	black
user2737	want_do	<blank>
user2738	want	medication
user2738	like_music	queens of the stone age
user2738	like_food	french fries
user2738	own	olympic medal
user2738	has_hobby	skydiving
user2739	have_sibling	twin brother
user2739	like_activity	gardening
user2739	misc_attribute	helpful
user2739	has_ability	play instrument
user2740	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user2740	other	parents are teachers
user2740	have	3 roomates
user2740	have_sibling	sister
user2740	other	piercing
user2741	like_activity	sewing
user2741	other	partially blind
user2741	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user2741	has_ability	bird calls
user2742	employed_by_general	lawyer
user2742	have	therapist
user2742	like_goto	nail salon
user2742	like_goto	cafe
user2743	misc_attribute	polite
user2743	like_food	1 restaurant
user2743	employed_by_general	bank
user2743	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user2744	have_family	father
user2744	favorite_food	ravioli
user2744	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user2744	has_ability	speak language
user2745	have	seashells
user2745	has_profession	yoga instruction
user2745	have_chidren	1 son
user2745	like_general	horses
user2746	like_general	cartoons
user2746	like_general	audiobookms
user2746	like_goto	water
user2746	have_family	mother
user2746	live_in_general	away from parents
user2747	like_activity	running
user2747	favorite_movie	16 candles
user2747	have_chidren	2 children
user2747	job_status	employed
user2748	like_music	rock
user2748	other	name is gerald
user2748	favorite_color	green
user2748	like_sports	basketball
user2749	favorite_food	onion
user2749	misc_attribute	independent
user2749	like_general	crystals
user2749	physical_attribute	curly
user2749	like_activity	gardening
user2750	attend_school	university
user2750	like_sports	playing
user2750	has_degree	business
user2750	like_general	spend time with family
user2751	like_activity	hiking
user2751	like_animal	all animals
user2751	like_general	natural world beauty
user2751	like_read	fantasy
user2752	like_animal	dog
user2752	has_age	15
user2752	school_status	student
user2752	like_sports	field hockey
user2752	want_job	veterinarian
user2753	have_pet	dog
user2753	school_status	student
user2753	like_general	red
user2753	have_family	only child
user2754	other	feelings
user2754	has_profession	freelance accountant
user2754	other	mild ocd
user2754	dislike	social situations
user2754	like_goto	florida
user2755	like_goto	outdoors
user2755	has_age	21
user2755	physical_attribute	brunette
user2755	live_in_general	ranch
user2755	member_of	other club
user2756	member_of	hobby club
user2756	has_profession	poet
user2756	has_hobby	donating clothes
user2756	have_pet	fish
user2757	has_profession	hairdresser
user2757	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user2757	marital_status	married
user2757	own	salon
user2757	live_in_general	boat
user2758	has_hobby	football
user2758	like_sports	football
user2758	has_hobby	football
user2758	has_profession	athlete
user2758	like_general	baltimore ravens
user2759	other	mother
user2759	like_activity	reading
user2759	has_profession	nurse
user2759	like_music	the rolling stones
user2760	have_pet	2 dog
user2760	physical_attribute	red hair
user2760	has_hobby	cooking
user2760	has_hobby	running
user2760	like_general	tall men
user2761	like_watching	foreign
user2761	dislike	social obligations
user2761	dislike	eating out
user2762	have_sibling	sibling
user2762	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user2762	employed_by_general	hospital
user2762	other	allergic to bees
user2763	want	to become male model
user2763	other	had cancer
user2763	other	dieting
user2763	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user2763	like_music	classical
user2764	like_read	twilight
user2764	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user2764	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user2764	like_food	insect
user2765	favorite	superman
user2765	have	been cheated on
user2765	has_ability	play instrument
user2765	dislike	heights
user2765	have_family	1 twins
user2766	like_sports	football
user2766	like_movie	action
user2766	have_vehicle	ford
user2767	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user2767	other	arnold
user2767	has_age	10
user2767	favorite_drink	orange juice
user2768	like_sports	field hockey
user2768	want_job	veterinarian
user2768	like_animal	dog
user2768	has_age	15
user2769	own	30 shoes
user2769	like_activity	skateboarding
user2769	have_pet	4 cat
user2769	like_general	<blank>
user2770	like_activity	baking
user2770	favorite	rose
user2770	place_origin	texas
user2770	like_activity	horseback riding
user2771	like_food	meat
user2771	has_ability	swim
user2771	previous_profession	not stated
user2772	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user2772	like_read	anne of green gables
user2772	want	pot bellied pig
user2772	dislike	beauty pageant
user2773	have_vehicle	truck
user2773	have_vehicle	ford
user2773	like_general	ford trucks
user2773	like_general	cars
user2773	have_vehicle	ford
user2774	dislike	people
user2774	misc_attribute	artistic
user2774	like_animal	<blank>
user2774	has_ability	scream
user2775	misc_attribute	afraid
user2775	have_family	uncle
user2775	live_in_general	sister
user2775	like_activity	clean
user2775	like_read	<blank>
user2776	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user2776	have_vehicle	prius
user2776	like_general	red
user2776	like_activity	dance
user2777	like_activity	reading
user2777	school_status	dropped out
user2777	like_activity	reading
user2777	has_ability	read
user2778	has_profession	salesman
user2778	live_in_general	farm
user2778	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user2779	marital_status	married
user2779	favorite_music	hip hop
user2779	other	vegetarian
user2779	place_origin	spain
user2779	has_profession	veterinarian
user2780	misc_attribute	team player
user2780	favorite	nike cleats
user2780	other	42 number is
user2780	has_hobby	soccer
user2780	has_hobby	goalie
user2781	want_do	change the world
user2781	like_general	jokes
user2781	employed_by_general	factory
user2781	has_hobby	volunteer
user2782	has_profession	farmer
user2782	like_activity	tailgate parties
user2782	favorite_season	duck hunting
user2782	have	girlfriend
user2782	have	never flown on an airplane
user2783	like_general	my little pony
user2783	like_activity	being weird
user2783	like_animal	butterfly
user2783	like_animal	cat
user2784	have_vehicle	car
user2784	employed_by_general	large company
user2784	like_music	rock
user2784	like_food	all
user2784	want	win lottery
user2785	have_pet	1 dog
user2785	has_ability	speak language
user2785	live_in_general	los angeles
user2785	has_ability	dance and sing
user2785	want_job	actor
user2786	member_of	church
user2786	have_chidren	5 children
user2786	like_read	agatha christie
user2786	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user2787	have	severe anxiety disorder
user2787	have_chidren	children
user2787	other	pregnant
user2787	like_general	art
user2788	have_family	grandfather
user2788	like_sports	basketball
user2788	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user2788	have_pet	cat
user2789	other	vegan
user2789	have_pet	23 cat
user2789	dislike	fish
user2789	has_hobby	traveling
user2790	have_family	only child
user2790	like_food	spicy
user2790	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user2790	like_sports	swimming
user2791	like_read	anne of green gables
user2791	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user2791	want	pot bellied pig
user2791	dislike	beauty pageant
user2792	want	eats too much fries
user2792	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user2792	own	clothing
user2793	other	veteran
user2793	like_read	<blank>
user2793	like_read	<blank>
user2793	has_hobby	gardening
user2794	has_hobby	community theater
user2794	other	parents are doctors
user2794	want_job	actor
user2794	like_general	love
user2794	school_status	student
user2795	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user2795	like_animal	fish
user2795	has_hobby	instrument
user2795	employed_by_general	deli
user2796	like_activity	drawing
user2796	school_status	student
user2796	other	vegan
user2796	favorite_food	taco
user2797	want_job	librarian
user2797	have	green eyes
user2797	physical_attribute	olive
user2797	own	purse
user2797	have	glasses
user2798	like_watching	mystery
user2798	<blank>	<blank>
user2798	has_profession	author
user2798	like_food	green tea
user2799	other	am diabetic
user2799	dislike	traffic
user2799	like_read	<blank>
user2799	has_hobby	listens
user2800	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user2800	have_pet	cat
user2800	favorite_food	subway
user2800	like_goto	antique stores
user2801	attend_school	graduate school
user2801	other	hindu
user2801	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user2802	live_in_general	island
user2802	like_activity	fishing
user2802	has_hobby	boat making
user2802	have_pet	dog
user2802	has_ability	cannibal
user2803	live_in_general	far from home
user2803	physical_attribute	red hair
user2803	like_food	meat
user2804	have_pet	3 cat
user2804	favorite_color	orange
user2804	like_food	taco
user2804	like_activity	swimming
user2804	has_profession	secretary
user2805	own	chevy tahoe
user2805	like_music	rock
user2805	favorite_food	steak
user2805	has_ability	not swim
user2806	has_profession	finance
user2806	school_status	graduated
user2806	have_chidren	son
user2806	has_ability	play instrument
user2807	favorite_food	pizza
user2807	other	tom
user2807	other	east asian
user2807	like_food	italian cuisine
user2808	misc_attribute	shy
user2808	like_activity	singing
user2808	other	was accepted to participate
user2808	has_hobby	singing
user2808	has_ability	unclear
user2809	like_activity	sewing
user2809	like_activity	hunting
user2809	have	a few friends
user2809	like_general	katy perry
user2810	like_activity	swimming
user2810	like_activity	baking
user2810	has_hobby	sewing
user2810	have	garden
user2811	like_goto	places
user2811	attend_school	princeton
user2811	like_watching	the voice
user2811	favorite_activity	museums
user2811	like_music	<blank>
user2812	physical_attribute	attractive
user2812	want	attractive
user2812	like_activity	eating
user2812	physical_attribute	overweight
user2813	school_status	major in business administration
user2813	attend_school	university
user2813	employed_by_general	daycare
user2814	<blank>	<blank>
user2814	<blank>	<blank>
user2814	like_music	all genres
user2814	like_activity	drawing
user2814	have_chidren	5 children
user2815	have	friends
user2815	want	responsible
user2815	misc_attribute	distrustful
user2815	physical_attribute	athletic
user2816	like_activity	zumba
user2816	like_food	beans
user2816	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user2816	like_activity	collecting rocks
user2817	has_ability	play instrument
user2817	marital_status	married
user2817	like_goto	national parks
user2817	has_profession	nurse
user2818	like_activity	cooking
user2818	dislike	clowns
user2818	have_pet	2 dog
user2818	have	2 roommate
user2818	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user2819	physical_attribute	long hair
user2819	dislike	1 cooking
user2819	have_family	mother
user2819	like_activity	video games
user2820	favorite_color	hunter green
user2820	like_activity	cooking
user2820	has_profession	chef
user2820	has_hobby	movies
user2820	want_job	restauranteur
user2821	marital_status	single
user2821	has_profession	gamer
user2821	has_hobby	walking
user2821	like_animal	dog
user2821	like_activity	play league of legends
user2822	misc_attribute	quick
user2822	have_sibling	brother
user2822	like_general	food trucks
user2823	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user2823	has_profession	nurse
user2823	have	2 smartphones
user2823	other	vegan
user2823	like_read	<blank>
user2824	<blank>	<blank>
user2824	gender	70 male
user2824	have	5 grandchildren
user2824	like_activity	fishing
user2824	have_vehicle	boat
user2825	dislike	social situations
user2825	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user2825	has_profession	freelance accountant
user2825	like_goto	florida
user2825	other	mild ocd
user2826	want_do	buy
user2826	physical_attribute	long hair
user2826	previous_profession	movie theater
user2826	like_food	spicy
user2826	has_hobby	running
user2827	job_status	employed
user2827	has_profession	baseball player
user2827	has_profession	baseball player
user2827	have_chidren	3 children
user2827	attend_school	miami university
user2828	like_food	pasta
user2828	school_status	student
user2828	like_food	cookies
user2828	like_activity	painting
user2829	like_sports	swimming
user2829	like_read	<blank>
user2829	favorite_show	the voice
user2829	physical_attribute	tall
user2829	employed_by_company	navy
user2830	dislike	red meat
user2830	like_sports	surfing
user2830	live_in_general	near the ocean
user2830	physical_attribute	brunette
user2831	other	recovering alcoholic
user2831	live_in_general	condo
user2831	previous_profession	reporter
user2832	attend_school	high school
user2832	like_general	mother
user2832	like_watching	greys anatomy
user2832	like_activity	music
user2833	have_family	parents
user2833	have_chidren	2 son
user2833	have	a house
user2833	misc_attribute	incomplete
user2834	like_activity	video games
user2834	other	diabetic
user2834	like_music	rock
user2834	job_status	unemployed
user2835	like_drink	water with protein powder
user2835	school_status	student
user2835	own	bowie knife
user2835	has_hobby	weight lifting
user2835	like_watching	mma
user2836	like_animal	animals
user2836	like_activity	working out
user2836	like_activity	walking
user2836	like_activity	watching
user2837	have_family	0 mother
user2837	like_general	model building
user2837	like_goto	comedy clubs
user2837	like_activity	camping
user2837	place_origin	england
user2838	has_profession	secretary
user2838	favorite_color	orange
user2838	like_activity	swimming
user2838	have_pet	3 cat
user2838	like_food	taco
user2839	like_sports	tennis
user2839	like_animal	animals
user2839	want_job	singer
user2840	have	boots
user2840	like_activity	fishing
user2840	favorite_season	spring
user2841	live_in_general	wife and kids
user2841	own	farm
user2841	have_pet	3 dog
user2841	gender	male
user2842	gender	different
user2842	misc_attribute	confused
user2842	other	sexual identity
user2842	dislike	rejection from parents
user2843	own	mansion
user2843	dislike	school
user2843	has_profession	business man
user2843	has_ability	300 speak language
user2843	want	parents
user2844	like_activity	traveling
user2844	marital_status	married
user2844	like_goto	casino
user2844	like_drink	32 beer
user2844	employed_by_general	brewery
user2845	favorite_music	country
user2845	like_activity	traveling
user2845	like_food	snack
user2845	physical_attribute	brunette
user2846	have	appeared on jeopardy
user2846	misc_attribute	unstable
user2846	like_activity	pottery
user2846	like_activity	refurbishing
user2847	other	pregnant
user2847	like_general	art
user2847	have_chidren	children
user2847	have	severe anxiety disorder
user2848	dislike	punching clocks
user2848	like_activity	playing the lottery
user2848	previous_profession	telemarketer
user2848	has_hobby	gambling
user2848	have	money
user2849	has_ability	1 speak language
user2849	like_activity	gambling
user2849	like_activity	hiking
user2849	like_activity	talking on the phone
user2850	own	30 shoes
user2850	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user2850	have_pet	4 cat
user2850	like_activity	skateboarding
user2850	like_general	<blank>
user2851	like_activity	ballet
user2851	has_ability	1 dancing
user2851	have	support of my whole family
user2851	want	retire
user2852	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user2852	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user2852	has_hobby	archery
user2852	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2853	like_animal	sharks
user2853	other	vegetarian
user2853	like_activity	dance
user2853	misc_attribute	witty
user2854	want	food
user2854	dislike	people getting too close
user2854	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user2854	dislike	questions
user2854	like_general	forest
user2855	like_general	baking
user2855	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user2855	like_watching	plays
user2855	like_activity	walking
user2856	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user2856	has_age	15
user2856	other	braces
user2856	attend_school	high school
user2857	other	orphan
user2857	has_hobby	whittling
user2857	employed_by_general	navy
user2857	has_degree	communications
user2858	other	friends.
user2858	marital_status	married
user2858	have_chidren	2 son
user2858	has_ability	feeling lost
user2858	has_hobby	basketball
user2859	dislike	green eggs and ham
user2859	like_activity	swimming
user2859	have_pet	4 dog
user2859	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user2860	favorite_animal	dolphins
user2860	like_general	lets plays
user2860	like_watching	youtube
user2861	has_profession	actor
user2861	has_hobby	filmmaking
user2861	previous_profession	actor
user2861	has_profession	actor
user2861	has_profession	actor
user2862	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user2862	has_profession	salesman
user2862	like_goto	grocery store
user2862	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user2862	employed_by_general	gas station
user2863	like_activity	horseback riding
user2863	like_activity	baking
user2863	favorite	rose
user2864	employed_by_general	real estate
user2864	marital_status	dating
user2864	like_activity	singing
user2864	favorite	daisy
user2865	have_family	mother
user2865	favorite_food	spaghetti
user2865	misc_attribute	forgetful
user2865	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user2865	have	boyfriend
user2866	has_hobby	check reflection
user2866	misc_attribute	shallow
user2866	has_hobby	shopping
user2866	misc_attribute	suspicious
user2866	misc_attribute	fabulous
user2867	like_food	pasta
user2867	like_general	being outside
user2867	like_activity	swimming
user2867	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user2867	like_general	pink
user2868	employed_by_general	large company
user2868	like_music	classic rock
user2868	like_activity	darts
user2868	like_drink	beer
user2868	like_activity	fixing
user2869	like_music	jazz
user2869	like_general	my family
user2869	have_pet	3 dog
user2870	other	vegan
user2870	teach	children
user2870	member_of	church
user2871	want_do	sports
user2871	has_hobby	archery
user2871	dislike	sports
user2871	has_ability	sport
user2871	employed_by_general	<blank>
user2872	like_activity	standing in the rain
user2872	favorite	actress
user2872	like_general	winter
user2872	want	faster computer
user2873	have_sibling	6 sibling
user2873	marital_status	widow
user2873	have	2 broken arm
user2873	misc_attribute	social
user2874	has_profession	baseball player
user2874	favorite_color	green
user2874	like_read	history
user2875	like_drink	coffee
user2875	want_do	<blank>
user2875	own	2 packs
user2875	like_food	meatloaf
user2876	other	big family
user2876	school_status	graduated
user2876	place_origin	outside the us
user2876	like_food	all
user2876	want	weather
user2877	want	to be able to write in cursive
user2877	like_music	strange music
user2877	want	live in iceland
user2877	like_general	cold winters
user2877	want	something interesting
user2878	has_age	20
user2878	has_hobby	1 reading
user2878	employed_by_general	hospital
user2878	school_status	student
user2878	like_food	pasta
user2879	have_pet	23 cat
user2879	like_activity	painting
user2879	other	vegan
user2879	has_hobby	traveling
user2880	want	love
user2880	have	friends
user2880	like_goto	mcdonald
user2880	has_profession	retailer
user2881	have	many girlfriends
user2881	like_food	beef
user2881	has_hobby	horseback riding
user2882	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user2882	own	mansion
user2882	have_vehicle	ferrari
user2882	has_ability	play instrument
user2882	has_profession	rapper
user2883	like_activity	cycling
user2883	physical_attribute	brunette
user2883	like_food	carrots
user2883	own	wear contacts
user2884	has_hobby	collecting
user2884	physical_attribute	hears voices
user2884	misc_attribute	lust
user2884	like_food	cakes
user2885	has_profession	truck driver
user2885	has_profession	driver
user2885	favorite_hobby	baseball
user2885	has_hobby	camping
user2885	have_chidren	2 children
user2886	like_animal	all animals
user2886	like_general	natural world beauty
user2886	like_activity	hiking
user2886	like_read	fantasy
user2887	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user2887	want_job	designer
user2887	like_general	fashion
user2887	like_general	fashion designers
user2887	like_activity	shopping
user2888	have_family	daughter
user2888	have_chidren	3 daughter
user2888	gender	female
user2889	want	play in a local band
user2889	own	9 guitars
user2889	like_music	system of a down
user2889	has_ability	play instrument
user2889	other	vegan
user2890	has_age	43
user2890	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user2890	physical_attribute	tattooed
user2890	has_profession	truck driver
user2890	has_hobby	traveling
user2891	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user2891	have	3 tattoos
user2891	other	did not know my dad
user2891	like_activity	driving
user2892	own	wear glasses
user2892	have_chidren	0 children
user2892	has_profession	1 librarian
user2892	marital_status	divorced
user2893	like_music	classical
user2893	has_profession	pharmacist
user2893	misc_attribute	wild
user2893	has_hobby	quilting
user2893	have_chidren	grandchildren
user2894	like_food	cheetos
user2894	dislike	mexican food
user2894	have	4 visited mexico
user2894	like_activity	skiing
user2894	have_family	wife
user2895	marital_status	single
user2895	like_activity	cooking
user2895	gender	female
user2895	have	laugh
user2895	employed_by_general	publishing building
user2896	like_watching	sitcoms
user2896	want_do	<blank>
user2896	have_vehicle	honda
user2896	want_do	reading
user2896	like_activity	talking
user2897	has_hobby	working out
user2897	like_watching	sport
user2897	like_activity	flying kites
user2897	own	car
user2897	favorite_sport	rugby
user2898	have_pet	dog
user2898	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user2898	school_status	student
user2899	like_food	cake
user2899	have_family	father
user2899	have_sibling	1 sister
user2899	school_status	student
user2900	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user2900	favorite_food	italian
user2900	like_watching	netflix
user2901	have	tattoo
user2901	attend_school	umass
user2901	other	vegan
user2901	like_music	concerts
user2902	like_activity	watching
user2902	like_activity	walking
user2902	like_activity	working out
user2903	dislike	dad
user2903	like_music	kurt cobain
user2903	like_activity	fashion
user2904	have_pet	cat
user2904	have_chidren	children
user2904	live_in_general	small city
user2904	like_activity	cooking
user2905	have	no money
user2905	like_general	cher
user2905	like_general	purple
user2905	have_vehicle	sports car
user2906	physical_attribute	blonde
user2906	like_activity	ballet
user2906	like_activity	video games
user2906	favorite_color	purple
user2907	like_general	sports cars
user2907	has_age	14
user2907	favorite_activity	research race cars
user2907	have	3 best friends
user2908	like_activity	tennis
user2908	like_music	chainsmokers
user2908	has_profession	lifeguard
user2908	like_activity	travel
user2909	favorite_music_artist	muse
user2909	like_food	food with no animal product
user2909	employed_by_company	walmart
user2909	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user2910	like_general	religion
user2910	teach	kids
user2910	have_pet	3 dog
user2910	have	personal trainer
user2910	like_sports	bicycling
user2911	job_status	employed
user2911	physical_attribute	purple hair
user2912	employed_by_company	amazon
user2912	other	conservative
user2912	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user2912	live_in_general	rural
user2912	favorite_activity	robotics
user2913	want	love
user2913	have	friends
user2913	like_food	mcdonalds
user2913	has_profession	retailer
user2914	like_activity	baking
user2914	like_food	bagels
user2914	like_activity	running
user2914	like_animal	dog
user2915	like_read	in a series
user2915	like_activity	driving
user2915	like_goto	movie theater
user2915	like_goto	restaurant
user2916	has_profession	receptionist
user2916	like_goto	nail salon
user2916	like_goto	cafe
user2916	like_watching	we wrestling
user2917	like_general	tall men
user2917	has_hobby	running
user2917	have_pet	2 dog
user2917	physical_attribute	red hair
user2918	physical_attribute	7"
user2918	have_pet	dog
user2918	like_goto	movie theater
user2918	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user2918	employed_by_company	target
user2919	live_in_general	ranch
user2919	has_age	21
user2919	member_of	other club
user2919	like_goto	outdoors
user2920	employed_by_general	distributor
user2920	like_music	taylor swift
user2920	have_chidren	toddler
user2921	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user2921	has_hobby	fishing
user2921	has_ability	play instrument
user2921	has_hobby	working out
user2922	like_general	saving money
user2922	want_job	artist
user2922	other	am a couponer
user2922	misc_attribute	organized
user2922	like_activity	shopping
user2923	have_pet	1 cat
user2923	physical_attribute	overweight
user2923	like_activity	sewing
user2923	physical_attribute	brunette
user2924	gender	male
user2924	has_profession	accountant
user2924	have	car
user2924	have_pet	2 dog
user2925	have	therapist
user2925	dislike	waking up
user2925	misc_attribute	aloof
user2926	other	traveling to japan
user2926	has_hobby	traveling
user2926	has_ability	3 speak language
user2926	has_profession	programmer
user2927	marital_status	divorced
user2927	employed_by_general	hospital
user2927	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user2927	has_profession	nurse
user2928	own	2 monitors
user2928	like_general	iphone
user2928	like_movie	superhero
user2928	marital_status	single
user2929	have	never
user2929	like_activity	shopping
user2929	gender	female
user2929	want_do	go to europe
user2929	like_activity	dancing
user2930	employed_by_general	circus
user2930	has_hobby	watching movies
user2930	other	ketogenic
user2930	have_pet	2 dog
user2931	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user2931	has_profession	blogger
user2931	have_chidren	children
user2931	like_activity	shopping
user2932	favorite_movie	titanic
user2932	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user2932	employed_by_company	aldi
user2932	have_chidren	2 children
user2933	have	1 shoes
user2933	physical_attribute	allergic
user2933	like_general	having my back scratched
user2933	favorite	eat at restaurant
user2934	has_ability	play instrument
user2934	employed_by_general	university
user2934	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user2934	like_goto	"farmers market"
user2935	other	rich
user2935	previous_profession	casino owner
user2935	other	bankrupt
user2935	has_profession	president
user2935	own	casino
user2936	place_origin	texas
user2936	like_activity	horseback riding
user2936	like_activity	baking
user2936	favorite	rose
user2937	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user2937	favorite	superman
user2937	dislike	heights
user2937	have_sibling	twins
user2937	have_chidren	partner
user2938	misc_attribute	content
user2938	misc_attribute	shy
user2938	have_pet	dog
user2939	physical_attribute	long nails
user2939	have_vehicle	moped
user2939	favorite_color	orange
user2939	dislike	make up
user2939	has_profession	musician
user2940	other	mother
user2940	marital_status	married
user2940	live_in_general	by a lake
user2940	own	upholstery shop
user2940	have_chidren	grandchildren
user2941	like_music	taylor swift
user2941	have_chidren	toddler
user2941	marital_status	married
user2941	employed_by_general	distributor
user2942	like_music	elvis
user2942	physical_attribute	blue hair
user2942	own	blue shoes
user2942	like_general	the color blue
user2942	have_vehicle	car
user2943	employed_by_general	army
user2943	like_general	tool
user2943	like_activity	building computers
user2943	has_ability	fly airplane
user2943	attend_school	university
user2944	favorite_hobby	reading
user2944	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user2944	has_ability	digital art
user2945	member_of	hobby club
user2945	own	cell phone
user2945	other	cat person
user2946	like_activity	cooking
user2946	like_activity	running
user2946	misc_attribute	organized
user2946	favorite_show	face off
user2947	have	1 blue eye
user2947	have_pet	cat
user2948	has_age	under 50
user2948	like_music	backstreet boys
user2948	dislike	driving
user2948	like_food	cheese
user2948	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user2949	have_vehicle	car
user2949	favorite	california love
user2949	like_music	rap
user2949	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user2949	have_vehicle	car
user2950	has_profession	yoga instruction
user2950	have_pet	2 dog
user2950	have	seashells
user2950	have_chidren	1 son
user2950	like_general	horses
user2951	has_profession	volunteering
user2951	school_status	student
user2951	school_status	graduate student
user2951	attend_school	none
user2952	want_do	propose
user2952	has_degree	graduate
user2953	have_vehicle	car
user2953	has_profession	accountant
user2953	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user2953	like_sports	running
user2953	have_pet	2 dog
user2954	like_food	shrimp
user2954	has_ability	play instrument
user2954	has_hobby	vacation
user2954	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user2954	has_ability	karate
user2955	like_music	system of a down
user2955	other	vegan
user2955	own	9 guitars
user2955	want	play in a local band
user2955	has_ability	play instrument
user2956	has_profession	editing
user2956	misc_attribute	anxious
user2956	have_pet	cat
user2956	live_in_general	"parents house"
user2957	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2957	dislike	cooking
user2957	like_general	dress up
user2957	like_activity	skin care
user2958	like_general	eating out
user2958	job_status	employed
user2958	like_general	nature
user2958	like_general	blue
user2959	place_origin	spain
user2959	has_profession	veterinarian
user2959	marital_status	married
user2959	other	vegetarian
user2960	<blank>	<blank>
user2960	like_watching	mystery
user2960	like_food	green tea
user2960	has_profession	author
user2961	other	jack of all trades
user2961	like_food	sweets
user2961	misc_attribute	unsociable
user2961	misc_attribute	careful
user2961	gender	male
user2962	school_status	graduated
user2962	want	weather
user2962	have_family	big family
user2962	place_origin	outside the us
user2963	favorite_music_artist	rush
user2963	has_ability	3 speak language
user2963	have_chidren	2 children
user2963	job_status	seeking employment
user2964	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user2964	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user2964	like_food	fast
user2964	has_profession	national guard officer
user2965	has_hobby	fencing
user2965	like_drink	mountain dew
user2965	have	pink hair
user2965	favorite_hobby	chess
user2965	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user2966	attend_school	high school
user2966	misc_attribute	quiet
user2966	like_music	linkin park
user2966	other	was diagnosed with autism
user2966	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user2967	has_ability	visiting
user2967	employed_by_general	grocery store
user2968	like_goto	gym
user2968	like_music	metallica
user2968	favorite_food	chicken
user2968	like_read	autobiographies
user2968	have_pet	cat
user2969	like_activity	sculpting
user2969	has_hobby	artist
user2969	have	shot lion
user2969	misc_attribute	sad
user2969	want_do	climbing
user2970	like_activity	photography
user2970	like_activity	spending money
user2970	like_general	candles
user2970	like_general	rain
user2970	dislike	waking up early
user2971	favorite_animal	koala
user2971	other	lives with a roommate
user2971	job_status	employed
user2971	dislike	beer
user2972	own	bowie knife
user2972	school_status	student
user2972	has_hobby	weight lifting
user2972	like_watching	mma
user2973	like_animal	cat
user2973	like_animal	butterfly
user2973	like_activity	being weird
user2973	like_general	my little pony
user2973	like_watching	anime
user2974	have_sibling	brother
user2974	place_origin	france
user2974	school_status	student
user2974	want_do	soccer
user2974	like_sports	soccer
user2975	dislike	hot weather
user2975	like_general	time with friends
user2975	like_read	books
user2975	want_do	traveling
user2976	has_profession	musician
user2976	favorite_color	orange
user2976	dislike	make up
user2976	physical_attribute	long nails
user2976	have_vehicle	moped
user2977	physical_attribute	short
user2977	want	porsche
user2977	like_watching	stars
user2977	has_hobby	pet
user2977	school_status	student
user2978	have_pet	dog
user2978	has_profession	accountant
user2978	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user2979	like_activity	competition
user2979	want	be alone
user2979	member_of	sports club
user2979	like_general	the library
user2980	other	mild ocd
user2980	like_goto	florida
user2980	has_profession	freelance accountant
user2980	other	feelings
user2980	dislike	social situations
user2981	has_hobby	tennis
user2981	like_watching	comedy
user2981	<blank>	<blank>
user2981	favorite_color	green
user2982	favorite	mileena
user2982	has_hobby	walking
user2982	have	something purple
user2982	employed_by_general	fast food
user2983	like_watching	anime
user2983	like_general	my little pony
user2983	like_animal	cat
user2983	like_animal	butterfly
user2984	has_hobby	writing
user2984	has_profession	mall cop
user2984	marital_status	divorced
user2984	want	corvette
user2984	like_animal	dog
user2985	like_activity	cycling
user2985	like_goto	beeach
user2985	have_pet	dog
user2985	like_general	job
user2985	previous_profession	technician
user2986	like_general	ghost
user2986	like_music	80 s music
user2986	favorite_color	yellow
user2986	has_profession	wedding planner
user2986	want_job	architect
user2987	like_activity	video games
user2987	other	vegetarian
user2987	school_status	graduated
user2987	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user2987	school_status	will study computer science
user2988	marital_status	single
user2988	like_activity	fishing
user2988	have_family	mother
user2988	has_profession	paramedic
user2988	like_music	rap
user2989	like_sports	basketball
user2989	like_watching	sport
user2989	have	many cars
user2989	has_hobby	working out
user2990	attend_school	alabama university
user2990	have	girlfriend
user2990	dislike	alcohol
user2990	like_sports	football
user2990	misc_attribute	anxious
user2991	has_hobby	video games
user2991	has_hobby	sketching
user2991	like_watching	anime
user2991	other	gay
user2992	like_activity	fly model airplane
user2992	has_hobby	kayaking
user2992	like_food	crab
user2992	like_activity	running
user2992	like_music	imagine dragons
user2993	other	diabetic
user2993	like_activity	video games
user2993	job_status	unemployed
user2993	like_music	rock
user2994	other	bisexual
user2994	job_status	seeking employment
user2994	misc_attribute	depressed
user2994	want	help
user2994	have_family	parents
user2995	like_goto	nail salon
user2995	has_profession	receptionist
user2995	like_watching	we wrestling
user2996	attend_school	university
user2996	have	been in two car crashes
user2996	like_sports	<blank>
user2996	like_drink	water
user2997	other	not many friends
user2997	employed_by_general	museum
user2997	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user2997	has_hobby	reading
user2998	favorite_food	spaghetti
user2998	misc_attribute	forgetful
user2998	have	boyfriend
user2998	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user2999	like_activity	outdoors
user2999	like_food	locally sourced
user2999	member_of	city council
user2999	have_pet	10 alpacas
user3000	school_status	student
user3000	have	friend
user3000	want	money
user3001	have_chidren	1 son
user3001	have	bakery
user3001	like_activity	walking
user3001	misc_attribute	funny
user3002	like_activity	walking
user3002	have_pet	cat
user3002	like_watching	game of thrones
user3002	has_profession	artist
user3003	like_activity	cooking
user3003	like_activity	going to bars
user3003	like_activity	dating women
user3003	job_status	retired
user3003	like_activity	working out
user3004	have	been cheated on
user3004	have_family	1 twins
user3004	has_ability	play instrument
user3004	favorite	superman
user3005	have_pet	cat
user3005	marital_status	married
user3005	dislike	writing
user3005	physical_attribute	sight
user3006	like_sports	basketball
user3006	like_activity	singing
user3006	has_hobby	hunting
user3006	have_chidren	children
user3007	like_activity	dancing
user3007	like_goto	school
user3007	like_activity	running
user3007	physical_attribute	6 tall
user3008	live_in_general	far from home
user3008	has_ability	computer repair
user3008	physical_attribute	red hair
user3008	like_food	meat
user3009	has_hobby	youtube
user3009	have	50000 subcribers
user3009	like_watching	make up tutorials
user3009	attend_school	beauty classes
user3009	has_ability	apply make-up
user3010	dislike	dust
user3010	have	allergies
user3010	like_animal	cat
user3010	physical_attribute	red skin
user3010	physical_attribute	attractive
user3011	like_general	blue
user3011	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user3011	gender	transfemale
user3011	like_food	pizza
user3011	has_age	20
user3012	like_goto	canada
user3012	misc_attribute	competitive
user3012	other	name
user3012	has_profession	manager
user3012	has_hobby	bicycling
user3013	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3013	other	christian
user3013	like_activity	football
user3014	has_profession	trainer
user3014	job_status	employed
user3014	has_hobby	writing
user3014	want	know
user3015	like_activity	drawing
user3015	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user3015	have_sibling	3 sibling
user3015	like_general	blue
user3016	favorite_season	summer
user3016	favorite	hero
user3016	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user3016	dislike	dresses
user3017	like_watching	anime
user3017	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user3017	job_status	employed
user3017	have	nickname
user3017	other	have never ate candy
user3018	has_profession	photographer
user3018	have	tattoos
user3018	like_activity	drinking
user3018	have_pet	dog
user3018	like_animal	dog
user3019	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3019	has_ability	visiting
user3020	<blank>	plants
user3020	have_family	only child
user3020	have_pet	1 lizard
user3021	other	debt
user3021	own	bmw
user3021	have	friends
user3021	like_activity	shopping
user3022	live_in_general	country
user3022	have_pet	horse
user3023	like_activity	reading
user3023	marital_status	married
user3023	has_profession	teacher
user3023	favorite_place	beach
user3024	like_food	hot dog
user3024	has_hobby	reading
user3024	favorite_drink	pepsi
user3024	has_profession	librarian
user3025	like_activity	staying up late
user3025	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user3025	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user3025	want_do	video games
user3026	like_activity	fixing
user3026	like_music	classic rock
user3026	like_activity	darts
user3026	employed_by_general	large company
user3026	like_drink	beer
user3027	job_status	retired
user3027	gender	female
user3027	favorite_food	pasta
user3027	live_in_general	rural area
user3027	like_activity	helping
user3028	has_hobby	hunting
user3028	like_general	tigers baseball team
user3028	physical_attribute	thin
user3028	physical_attribute	blonde
user3029	like_activity	driving
user3029	like_goto	restaurant
user3029	like_general	to chat with my friends
user3029	like_goto	movie theater
user3030	job_status	employed
user3030	have_sibling	sister
user3030	have_pet	4 cat
user3030	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user3031	like_music	opera
user3031	misc_attribute	focused
user3031	live_in_general	condo
user3031	favorite_food	steak
user3032	has_hobby	travel
user3032	like_watching	games shows
user3032	dislike	green beans
user3032	misc_attribute	angry
user3032	misc_attribute	religious
user3033	want_do	video games
user3033	like_activity	staying up late
user3033	have_sibling	sibling
user3033	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user3034	physical_attribute	tall
user3034	favorite_show	the voice
user3034	like_sports	swimming
user3034	like_read	<blank>
user3034	employed_by_company	navy
user3035	has_hobby	horseback riding
user3035	has_hobby	camping
user3035	have_chidren	mother
user3035	have_chidren	children
user3036	misc_attribute	suspicious
user3036	misc_attribute	shallow
user3036	has_hobby	check reflection
user3036	has_hobby	shopping
user3037	favorite_drink	pepsi
user3037	has_hobby	bird watching
user3037	like_food	hot dog
user3037	has_hobby	reading
user3038	has_profession	businessman
user3038	like_activity	singing
user3038	has_hobby	martial arts
user3038	have_chidren	2 children
user3039	has_profession	mechanic
user3039	gender	male
user3039	has_age	25
user3040	own	red lipstick
user3040	have_vehicle	car
user3040	have	red purse
user3040	like_general	red shoes
user3040	<blank>	<blank>
user3041	has_profession	baseball player
user3041	have_chidren	3 children
user3041	has_profession	baseball player
user3041	attend_school	miami university
user3041	job_status	employed
user3042	like_activity	working out
user3042	school_status	student
user3042	want_job	software engineer
user3042	has_ability	play instrument
user3042	other	name is kevin
user3043	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user3043	have_family	10 niece
user3043	like_goto	museum
user3043	has_profession	writer
user3044	like_animal	cat
user3044	has_hobby	teapots
user3044	marital_status	divorced
user3044	employed_by_general	bank
user3045	favorite	subject was science
user3045	favorite_food	pizza
user3045	marital_status	single
user3045	favorite_hobby	reading
user3046	like_activity	video games
user3046	have_pet	2 cat
user3046	favorite_sport	soccer
user3046	nationality	canada
user3047	like_activity	cooking
user3047	have_pet	2 dog
user3047	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user3047	dislike	clowns
user3048	job_status	employed
user3048	favorite_food	hamburgers
user3048	like_watching	comedy
user3048	has_profession	ballerina
user3049	has_ability	running
user3049	favorite_activity	fishing
user3049	favorite_activity	float the river
user3050	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user3050	like_food	pickled eggs
user3050	like_sports	volley ball
user3050	like_activity	doing nails
user3051	own	iphone 7
user3051	have	allergy
user3051	like_drink	chocolate
user3052	physical_attribute	blonde
user3052	physical_attribute	thin
user3052	like_general	tigers baseball team
user3052	like_watching	television
user3052	has_hobby	hunting
user3053	marital_status	engaged
user3053	has_hobby	dancing
user3053	physical_attribute	red hair
user3053	job_status	unemployed
user3053	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user3054	has_hobby	reading
user3054	favorite_movie	disney movies
user3054	have_family	parents
user3054	like_sports	soccer
user3054	has_profession	waitress
user3055	favorite_activity	computer time
user3055	has_ability	sleep
user3055	like_sports	hockey
user3055	want_do	texting
user3056	like_read	science fiction
user3056	like_food	tuna fish
user3056	physical_attribute	brunette
user3056	like_food	gummy worms
user3056	favorite_music	rock opera
user3057	like_activity	singing
user3057	marital_status	dating
user3057	favorite	daisy
user3057	employed_by_general	real estate
user3058	favorite_music_artist	worn
user3058	like_sports	swimming
user3058	favorite_color	purple
user3058	own	home
user3059	place_origin	virginia
user3059	has_ability	driving
user3059	has_profession	truck driver
user3060	school_status	major in business administration
user3060	attend_school	university
user3060	employed_by_general	daycare
user3061	has_hobby	video games
user3061	like_food	take out
user3061	live_in_general	with parents
user3061	dislike	job
user3062	like_movie	godfather
user3062	gender	male
user3062	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user3062	physical_attribute	overweight
user3062	like_food	candy
user3063	other	pregnant
user3063	have_chidren	children
user3063	have	severe anxiety disorder
user3064	has_profession	teacher
user3064	school_status	2016 graduated
user3064	teach	kindergarten
user3065	has_ability	speak language
user3065	physical_attribute	6 tall
user3065	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user3066	like_general	littlest things
user3066	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user3066	job_status	employed
user3067	marital_status	married
user3067	has_profession	carpenter
user3067	previous_profession	slave
user3067	like_general	red
user3067	have_sibling	sibling
user3068	like_general	helping others
user3068	favorite_food	sushi
user3069	physical_attribute	brunette
user3069	like_activity	traveling
user3069	like_food	snack
user3069	favorite_music	country
user3070	like_music	frank sinatra
user3070	gender	female
user3070	like_food	cheese
user3070	like_activity	cooking
user3070	like_watching	spongebob
user3071	like_drink	coke
user3071	have_vehicle	ford
user3071	employed_by_general	retailer
user3071	has_hobby	shopping
user3071	like_general	katy perry
user3072	gender	female
user3072	marital_status	single
user3072	have	laugh
user3072	like_activity	cooking
user3072	employed_by_general	publishing building
user3073	has_age	32
user3073	has_hobby	video games
user3073	live_in_general	with parents
user3073	dislike	job
user3074	have_vehicle	ford
user3074	like_general	cars
user3074	have_vehicle	truck
user3074	like_general	ford trucks
user3074	have_vehicle	ford
user3075	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user3075	like_music	classic
user3075	like_activity	fishing
user3075	favorite_season	summer
user3075	like_general	impala
user3076	job_status	unemployed
user3076	other	diabetic
user3076	like_music	rock
user3077	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user3077	has_profession	party planning
user3077	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user3078	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3078	like_general	my work
user3078	like_music	classical
user3078	like_sports	golf
user3078	marital_status	married
user3079	like_activity	beadworking
user3079	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user3079	have	fibromyalgia
user3079	place_origin	farm
user3079	like_activity	reading
user3080	have_vehicle	suv
user3080	have_pet	3 dog
user3080	have	vacation home
user3080	has_degree	law
user3081	has_hobby	football
user3081	like_activity	running
user3081	marital_status	married
user3081	employed_by_general	candy store
user3082	has_ability	play instrument
user3082	have_family	grandmother
user3082	like_watching	horror
user3082	<blank>	seeking employment
user3083	has_age	25
user3083	have_chidren	daughter
user3083	like_general	taking her to the park
user3084	has_hobby	baseball
user3084	marital_status	engaged
user3084	job_status	employed
user3084	like_watching	south park
user3085	like_sports	volley ball
user3085	like_activity	doing nails
user3085	like_activity	hiking
user3085	like_food	pickled eggs
user3086	have_pet	2 dog
user3086	has_ability	security guard
user3086	marital_status	single
user3086	job_status	employed
user3086	has_age	30
user3087	has_age	21
user3087	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user3087	have_pet	cat
user3087	favorite	rose
user3087	school_status	student
user3088	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user3088	job_status	employed
user3088	have_chidren	<blank>
user3088	like_sports	basketball
user3089	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user3089	has_profession	cashier
user3089	has_age	25
user3089	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user3090	like_general	cars
user3090	like_general	ford trucks
user3090	have_vehicle	ford
user3090	have_vehicle	truck
user3090	have_vehicle	ford
user3091	like_activity	working out
user3091	have_pet	dog
user3091	like_music	country
user3091	like_activity	bathing
user3092	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user3092	has_ability	can build computers
user3092	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user3092	previous_profession	mechanic
user3092	want	join military when younger
user3093	have_family	mother
user3093	have_family	father
user3093	has_age	4
user3093	like_activity	playing outside
user3093	have	princess bed
user3094	school_status	graduated
user3094	school_status	student
user3094	school_status	will study computer science
user3094	like_activity	video games
user3094	other	vegetarian
user3095	want	be millionaire
user3095	like_watching	sport
user3095	other	vegan
user3095	like_sports	hockey
user3096	dislike	acting
user3096	dislike	kids
user3096	have_vehicle	ferrari
user3096	have_family	3 ex wives
user3097	has_ability	3 speak language
user3097	other	traveling to japan
user3097	has_hobby	traveling
user3097	have	home
user3098	like_activity	programming
user3098	school_status	student
user3098	want_job	company owner
user3099	like_sports	hockey
user3099	have_family	mother
user3099	attend_school	high school
user3100	want_job	teacher
user3100	attend_school	university
user3100	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user3101	live_in_general	bed
user3101	like_activity	video games
user3101	have_pet	<blank>
user3101	like_activity	social media
user3101	employed_by_general	home
user3102	dislike	heights
user3102	favorite	superman
user3102	has_ability	play instrument
user3102	have_family	1 twins
user3102	have	been cheated on
user3103	favorite	chevy duramax
user3103	like_activity	spending time with family
user3103	dislike	vegetables
user3103	has_hobby	running
user3103	favorite_place	american eagle
user3104	dislike	traffic
user3104	other	vegetarian
user3104	like_activity	sleeping
user3104	dislike	beet
user3104	has_ability	cook
user3105	marital_status	dating
user3105	like_activity	singing
user3105	has_age	23
user3105	favorite	daisy
user3106	like_general	it
user3106	like_drink	beer
user3107	live_in_general	farm
user3107	has_profession	salesman
user3107	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user3107	like_food	beets
user3108	like_activity	art projects
user3108	like_general	family
user3108	gender	female
user3108	like_activity	traveling
user3108	marital_status	married
user3109	have	girlfriend
user3109	physical_attribute	pink hair
user3109	live_in_general	city
user3110	has_profession	teacher
user3110	like_goto	thrift shops
user3110	like_general	recycling
user3110	like_activity	sewing
user3110	like_activity	fashion
user3111	attend_school	university
user3111	want_do	painting
user3111	like_activity	painting
user3111	physical_attribute	blonde
user3112	employed_by_general	hotel
user3112	want_do	college.
user3112	favorite	actor robert denaro
user3112	like_general	snow
user3113	want_job	explorer
user3113	like_general	blue
user3113	dislike	job
user3113	like_goto	india
user3113	has_profession	athlete
user3114	own	suspenders
user3114	like_activity	video games
user3114	have_pet	cat
user3114	misc_attribute	dirty
user3114	want	a real dragon
user3115	like_general	crystals
user3115	physical_attribute	curly
user3115	misc_attribute	independent
user3115	like_activity	gardening
user3116	like_activity	fixing
user3116	like_drink	beer
user3116	employed_by_general	large company
user3116	like_activity	darts
user3116	like_music	classic rock
user3117	other	rich
user3117	has_profession	president
user3117	own	casino
user3117	other	bankrupt
user3117	previous_profession	casino owner
user3118	like_food	brownies
user3118	like_animal	cat
user3118	like_activity	traveling
user3118	like_general	explosions
user3118	employed_by_company	military
user3119	has_profession	poet
user3119	member_of	hobby club
user3119	has_hobby	donating clothes
user3119	have_pet	fish
user3120	like_activity	reading
user3120	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user3120	employed_by_general	hotel
user3120	like_animal	animals
user3121	have_family	grandmother
user3121	have_chidren	2 children
user3121	job_status	employed
user3121	has_profession	bowler
user3122	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user3122	like_food	fast
user3122	like_general	weather
user3122	has_profession	national guard officer
user3122	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user3123	has_profession	cartographer
user3123	like_activity	baking
user3123	like_activity	wrestling
user3123	previous_profession	nurse
user3123	like_activity	painting
user3124	physical_attribute	overweight
user3124	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user3124	physical_attribute	tall
user3124	like_general	lamp
user3125	has_ability	impersonations
user3125	has_profession	plumber
user3125	other	award winning 4h member
user3125	has_ability	4 speak language
user3125	have_chidren	son
user3126	misc_attribute	healthy
user3126	has_hobby	exercise
user3126	attend_school	university
user3126	misc_attribute	social
user3127	like_activity	go karting
user3127	dislike	fast food
user3127	has_hobby	fishing
user3127	own	george foreman grill
user3127	has_ability	play instrument
user3128	like_music	folk
user3128	has_hobby	whittling
user3128	employed_by_general	navy
user3128	has_degree	communications
user3129	like_activity	cycling
user3129	other	vegan
user3129	like_music	<blank>
user3129	like_activity	skateboarding
user3129	like_music	guitar
user3130	like_food	candy
user3130	has_profession	package delivery
user3130	have_pet	3 cat
user3130	misc_attribute	funny
user3130	have_vehicle	honda
user3131	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user3131	other	am lonely
user3131	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user3131	have	90000 dollars
user3132	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user3132	have	nickname
user3132	want	to take over the world
user3133	have_pet	3 dog
user3133	like_general	blue
user3133	has_profession	accountant
user3133	like_goto	the lake
user3133	like_read	horror
user3134	like_activity	fixing
user3134	like_music	classic rock
user3134	like_drink	beer
user3134	employed_by_general	large company
user3135	other	3 allergies
user3135	favorite_music	metal
user3135	like_activity	watching television
user3135	has_profession	commercials
user3136	live_in_general	city
user3136	have	girlfriend
user3136	employed_by_general	bookstore
user3137	like_music	chainsmokers
user3137	has_profession	lifeguard
user3137	like_activity	travel
user3138	has_profession	baseball player
user3138	attend_school	miami university
user3138	job_status	employed
user3138	has_profession	baseball player
user3138	marital_status	married
user3139	attend_school	university
user3139	physical_attribute	blonde
user3139	want_do	painting
user3139	like_activity	painting
user3140	have_chidren	children
user3140	has_hobby	gardening
user3140	have_pet	cat
user3140	like_activity	cooking
user3141	school_status	student
user3141	like_food	pasta
user3141	like_food	cookies
user3141	like_activity	painting
user3141	like_food	ice cream
user3142	have_pet	cat
user3142	misc_attribute	anxious
user3142	live_in_general	"parents house"
user3142	has_profession	editing
user3143	other	carnivore
user3143	has_age	18
user3143	like_activity	with friends
user3143	like_goto	rock concerts
user3143	place_origin	farm
user3144	have_chidren	3 children
user3144	like_activity	singing
user3144	like_food	wings
user3144	place_origin	trailer park
user3144	has_profession	truck driver
user3145	like_activity	shopping
user3145	favorite_food	french fries
user3145	has_profession	teacher
user3146	have_pet	1 dog
user3146	employed_by_general	restaurant
user3147	like_watching	wildlife
user3147	like_animal	<blank>
user3147	have_pet	several
user3147	like_watching	animals
user3148	has_profession	writer
user3148	has_ability	play instrument
user3148	like_goto	comic con
user3148	other	am lesbian
user3149	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user3149	has_ability	2 speak language
user3149	like_activity	cooking
user3149	marital_status	married
user3150	want	house on beach
user3150	like_music	pop
user3150	like_watching	nascar
user3150	like_activity	eating
user3151	has_hobby	watching movies
user3151	other	ketogenic
user3151	employed_by_general	circus
user3152	has_hobby	reading
user3152	like_activity	dance
user3152	like_animal	sharks
user3152	misc_attribute	witty
user3153	like_drink	pepsi
user3153	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user3154	misc_attribute	critic
user3154	misc_attribute	regretful
user3154	dislike	being controlled
user3155	have_family	father
user3155	has_ability	speak language
user3155	favorite_food	ravioli
user3156	like_activity	rock climbing
user3156	like_movie	django unchained
user3156	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user3156	employed_by_general	retailer
user3156	own	honda civic
user3157	like_music	the rolling stones
user3157	dislike	caffeine
user3157	have	1 job
user3157	like_activity	guitar
user3158	have_chidren	2 daughter
user3158	have_family	0 husband
user3158	teach	english literature
user3158	want_job	writer
user3158	like_activity	story telling
user3159	other	sarah
user3159	has_hobby	reading
user3159	has_hobby	watching television
user3159	has_profession	teacher
user3159	has_profession	teacher
user3160	physical_attribute	pregnant
user3160	live_in_general	country
user3160	have_pet	horse
user3161	have	4 visited mexico
user3161	dislike	mexican food
user3161	like_activity	skiing
user3161	like_food	cheetos
user3162	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user3162	have_pet	4 cat
user3162	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3162	like_music	metallica
user3162	attend_school	university
user3163	have_chidren	1 son
user3163	has_hobby	walking
user3163	like_animal	animals
user3163	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user3163	other	vegan
user3164	like_food	cheesecake
user3164	favorite_movie	16 candles
user3164	like_activity	running
user3164	job_status	employed
user3164	have_chidren	2 children
user3165	like_activity	traveling
user3165	like_activity	hiking
user3165	like_activity	mountain biking
user3165	has_hobby	environmentalist
user3165	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user3166	other	wiccan
user3166	like_general	the story
user3166	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3166	misc_attribute	disbelief
user3167	like_music	country
user3167	misc_attribute	optimistic
user3167	want_do	video games
user3167	attend_school	university
user3167	employed_by_company	scrubway
user3168	own	2 snakes
user3168	has_hobby	collect autographs
user3168	like_food	organic
user3168	like_read	comics
user3168	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user3169	school_status	student
user3169	school_status	student
user3169	has_profession	receptionist
user3169	has_profession	receptionist
user3169	other	name is mary
user3170	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user3170	like_drink	milk shakes
user3170	have_pet	dog
user3170	own	bike
user3171	has_profession	accountant
user3171	like_read	horror
user3171	like_goto	the lake
user3171	have_pet	3 dog
user3172	live_in_general	far from home
user3172	has_ability	computer repair
user3172	like_food	meat
user3172	physical_attribute	red hair
user3173	teach	japanese and drawing
user3173	have_pet	dog
user3173	marital_status	single
user3173	has_profession	teacher
user3173	misc_attribute	accent
user3174	has_ability	make videos
user3174	have_vehicle	car
user3174	has_profession	youtuber
user3175	attend_school	university
user3175	has_hobby	instrument
user3175	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user3175	employed_by_general	deli
user3175	like_animal	fish
user3176	like_goto	beach
user3176	marital_status	married
user3176	school_status	student
user3176	job_status	employed
user3176	like_general	blue
user3177	have	2 hair
user3177	misc_attribute	lazy
user3177	has_hobby	skateboarding
user3177	physical_attribute	<blank>
user3178	has_hobby	hiking
user3178	have_vehicle	prius
user3178	like_general	canadian women
user3178	like_activity	relieving myself
user3179	have_sibling	4 sibling
user3179	have_vehicle	honda
user3179	misc_attribute	scared
user3180	other	wrote a book
user3180	misc_attribute	religious
user3180	have	0 dates
user3180	like_activity	reading
user3181	have_pet	<blank>
user3181	live_in_general	bed
user3181	like_activity	social media
user3181	like_activity	video games
user3182	place_origin	farm
user3182	like_goto	rock concerts
user3182	other	carnivore
user3182	like_activity	with friends
user3182	has_age	18
user3183	has_hobby	yoga
user3183	like_food	italian
user3183	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3183	like_goto	italy
user3183	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3184	misc_attribute	organized
user3184	like_activity	cooking
user3184	have_chidren	children
user3184	favorite_show	face off
user3185	<blank>	<blank>
user3185	like_general	red
user3185	physical_attribute	purple hair
user3185	like_movie	gone with the wind
user3186	place_origin	tennessee
user3186	marital_status	married
user3186	has_hobby	fishing
user3186	have_pet	dog
user3187	has_profession	programmer
user3187	job_status	employed
user3187	have_pet	2 dog
user3187	employed_by_company	facebook
user3187	like_activity	donate time
user3188	like_goto	thrift shops
user3188	like_general	recycling
user3188	like_activity	sewing
user3188	has_profession	teacher
user3188	like_activity	fashion
user3189	has_hobby	hunting
user3189	have_chidren	2 children
user3189	other	parents are teachers
user3189	have_pet	2 cat
user3189	like_goto	local animal shelter
user3190	physical_attribute	have back pain
user3190	misc_attribute	old soul
user3190	misc_attribute	unstable
user3190	misc_attribute	passionate
user3190	want	voice
user3191	want_do	invest in stock market
user3191	has_ability	website design
user3191	want	find easy ways to make money
user3191	like_read	news
user3192	like_read	<blank>
user3192	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user3192	have_chidren	4 children
user3193	want	pot bellied pig
user3193	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user3193	like_read	anne of green gables
user3193	dislike	beauty pageant
user3194	has_profession	retailer
user3194	have	friends
user3194	want	love
user3194	like_goto	mcdonald
user3195	like_animal	cat
user3195	misc_attribute	athletic
user3195	school_status	student
user3196	misc_attribute	depressed
user3196	want	help
user3196	job_status	seeking employment
user3196	have_family	parents
user3196	other	bisexual
user3197	like_goto	school
user3197	like_activity	dancing
user3197	other	tall family.
user3197	like_activity	running
user3197	physical_attribute	6 tall
user3198	favorite_food	carrots
user3198	like_food	vegetables
user3198	has_age	71
user3199	like_activity	crocheting
user3199	gender	female
user3199	marital_status	married
user3199	like_animal	cat
user3199	have_chidren	5 children
user3200	has_hobby	gardening
user3200	live_in_general	small city
user3200	have_chidren	children
user3200	have_pet	cat
user3200	like_activity	cooking
user3201	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3201	other	help with bookeeping
user3201	like_food	food with no animal product
user3201	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user3201	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user3202	favorite_food	spaghetti
user3202	like_music	one direction
user3202	want_job	athlete
user3202	attend_school	elementary school
user3203	like_music	jazz
user3203	physical_attribute	broke nose
user3203	favorite_place	seattle
user3203	employed_by_general	factory
user3203	want	bike
user3204	has_ability	pilot
user3204	has_hobby	photography
user3204	live_in_general	mountains
user3204	own	0 television
user3205	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user3205	employed_by_general	bar
user3205	has_hobby	skiing
user3205	like_music	blues
user3205	like_activity	saving
user3206	gender	male
user3206	misc_attribute	1 religious
user3206	marital_status	married
user3206	favorite_book	the bible
user3206	has_hobby	traveling
user3207	have_vehicle	ford
user3207	have_vehicle	ford
user3207	like_general	ford trucks
user3207	have_vehicle	truck
user3208	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user3208	like_general	close friends
user3208	misc_attribute	clown
user3208	other	orphan
user3209	has_profession	construction
user3209	attend_school	university
user3209	has_hobby	traveling
user3209	favorite_food	ice cream
user3210	like_goto	outdoors
user3210	like_general	recycling
user3210	place_origin	california
user3210	like_activity	shopping
user3211	like_animal	dog
user3211	like_read	<blank>
user3211	favorite	flower is a lily
user3211	marital_status	single
user3212	like_watching	sun rise
user3212	want_do	exercise
user3212	has_profession	<blank>
user3212	like_activity	watching sunsets
user3212	job_status	unemployed
user3213	like_activity	travel
user3213	<blank>	travel
user3214	has_profession	finance
user3214	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user3214	like_food	takeout
user3214	like_general	low taxes
user3215	school_status	did not graduate
user3215	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user3216	like_activity	shopping
user3216	like_goto	pool
user3216	job_status	employed
user3216	have	"dont have children"
user3217	physical_attribute	tall
user3217	has_profession	designer
user3217	like_general	lamp
user3217	physical_attribute	overweight
user3218	has_profession	artist
user3218	have_pet	cat
user3218	have_chidren	4 children
user3218	like_watching	game of thrones
user3218	like_activity	walking
user3219	like_goto	restaurant
user3219	like_activity	driving
user3219	like_read	in a series
user3219	like_general	to chat with my friends
user3220	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user3220	like_goto	animal shelters
user3220	like_animal	<blank>
user3220	have_pet	several
user3220	like_watching	animals
user3221	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user3221	want_job	curator
user3221	has_hobby	painting
user3221	have	been to new york city
user3222	physical_attribute	overweight
user3222	gender	male
user3222	like_movie	godfather
user3222	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user3223	have_pet	2 reptile
user3223	like_general	red
user3223	physical_attribute	purple hair
user3223	like_movie	gone with the wind
user3223	<blank>	<blank>
user3224	have_pet	2 dog
user3224	has_profession	accountant
user3224	like_sports	running
user3224	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user3225	has_hobby	writing
user3225	dislike	sleeping in
user3225	has_profession	trainer
user3225	job_status	employed
user3225	want	know
user3226	has_ability	speak language
user3226	physical_attribute	6 tall
user3226	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user3226	want	to be something else
user3227	has_ability	run marathons
user3227	has_profession	athlete
user3227	like_music	all american rejecs
user3227	dislike	sweet potatoes
user3228	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user3228	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user3228	has_hobby	archery
user3228	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user3228	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user3229	like_sports	baseball
user3229	employed_by_general	government
user3229	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user3229	like_sports	sports
user3230	employed_by_general	circus
user3230	have_pet	2 dog
user3230	like_movie	<blank>
user3231	school_status	student
user3231	like_general	red
user3231	have_pet	dog
user3231	have_family	only child
user3232	other	vegan
user3232	like_goto	beach
user3232	job_status	employed
user3232	like_music	country
user3233	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user3233	has_hobby	football
user3233	favorite_book	science fiction
user3233	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user3234	dislike	dresses
user3234	favorite_season	summer
user3234	like_animal	butterfly
user3234	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user3234	favorite	hero
user3235	teach	japanese and drawing
user3235	has_age	35
user3235	has_profession	teacher
user3235	misc_attribute	accent
user3236	dislike	work
user3236	own	company
user3236	have_chidren	1 child
user3236	other	70 salary
user3237	like_goto	grocery store
user3237	has_profession	salesman
user3237	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user3237	employed_by_general	gas station
user3237	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user3238	other	3 allergies
user3238	has_profession	commercials
user3238	favorite_music	metal
user3238	like_activity	watching television
user3239	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user3239	like_food	pancakes
user3239	own	large ax
user3239	has_hobby	fishing
user3239	like_general	lumberjacking
user3240	attend_school	high school
user3240	have_chidren	1 child
user3240	dislike	work
user3240	own	company
user3241	have_pet	cat
user3241	favorite_season	summer
user3241	have_family	mother
user3241	have	birthday in june
user3241	job_status	unemployed
user3242	have_pet	dog
user3242	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user3242	like_read	books
user3243	want	autographs from authors
user3243	job_status	seeking employment
user3243	favorite_color	green
user3244	other	no accent
user3244	attend_school	high school
user3244	own	motorcycle
user3244	attend_school	university
user3245	want_do	learning
user3245	have_sibling	sister
user3245	want_do	<blank>
user3245	like_watching	netflix
user3245	want_do	schooling
user3246	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user3246	other	vegan
user3246	has_profession	public relations
user3246	other	buddhist
user3246	place_origin	seattle
user3247	like_food	all
user3247	employed_by_general	large company
user3247	like_music	rock
user3247	have_vehicle	car
user3248	has_hobby	environmentalist
user3248	like_activity	mountain biking
user3248	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user3248	like_activity	hiking
user3248	like_activity	traveling
user3249	has_profession	programmer
user3249	like_activity	donate time
user3249	job_status	employed
user3249	employed_by_company	facebook
user3249	have_pet	2 dog
user3250	like_activity	hiking
user3250	like_food	pickled eggs
user3250	like_sports	volley ball
user3250	like_activity	doing nails
user3251	has_profession	reality tv star
user3251	like_sports	surfing
user3251	like_music	country
user3252	has_ability	visiting
user3252	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3253	like_general	blue
user3253	like_goto	beach
user3253	school_status	student
user3253	marital_status	married
user3253	job_status	employed
user3254	like_general	it
user3254	like_activity	football
user3254	like_drink	beer
user3255	have_pet	cat
user3255	have	birthday in june
user3255	favorite_season	summer
user3255	job_status	unemployed
user3255	have_family	mother
user3256	has_hobby	skiing
user3256	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user3256	has_hobby	skiing
user3256	has_ability	ski racer
user3257	has_hobby	painting
user3257	has_ability	lie
user3257	have	won lottery
user3257	has_hobby	painting
user3258	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user3258	place_origin	london
user3258	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user3258	job_status	employed
user3258	like_activity	painting
user3259	want	truck
user3259	favorite	toyota cars
user3259	dislike	overtime
user3259	like_general	vote
user3259	employed_by_general	hospital
user3260	physical_attribute	brunette
user3260	physical_attribute	overweight
user3260	like_activity	sewing
user3260	have_pet	1 cat
user3260	physical_attribute	short
user3261	want_do	move
user3261	has_hobby	hiking
user3261	has_ability	speak language
user3261	have_pet	2 dog
user3261	has_profession	artist
user3262	like_read	<blank>
user3262	like_animal	dog
user3262	favorite	flower is a lily
user3262	marital_status	single
user3262	employed_by_general	doctors office
user3263	school_status	graduated
user3263	attend_school	university of michigan
user3263	want_job	doctor
user3263	like_food	taco
user3263	favorite_season	summer
user3264	attend_school	high school
user3264	has_hobby	travel
user3264	have_family	mother
user3264	like_sports	hockey
user3265	other	soccer mom
user3265	teach	cheerleading
user3265	like_general	family time
user3265	employed_by_general	online company
user3266	like_food	ice cream
user3266	employed_by_general	dog walker
user3266	have	0 traveled.
user3266	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user3267	like_goto	movie theater
user3267	like_activity	walking
user3267	have_pet	2 dog
user3267	like_general	<blank>
user3268	like_read	history
user3268	like_sports	softball
user3268	has_profession	technician
user3269	have	support of my whole family
user3269	want	retire
user3269	has_hobby	ballet
user3269	has_ability	1 dancing
user3270	like_activity	football
user3270	other	christian
user3270	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user3270	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3271	like_general	purple
user3271	have_vehicle	sports car
user3271	like_general	cher
user3271	have	no money
user3272	own	black clothes
user3272	have_pet	dog
user3272	dislike	spiders
user3272	like_drink	chai tea
user3273	have_pet	dog
user3273	like_food	beef
user3273	like_activity	video games
user3273	other	<blank>
user3274	like_music	the story so far
user3274	like_goto	festivals
user3274	have	alias
user3274	like_food	meat
user3275	has_profession	artist
user3275	have_pet	named charlie
user3275	own	2 hoop earrings
user3276	misc_attribute	educated
user3276	have_pet	dog
user3276	employed_by_company	<blank>
user3277	have	high speed internet
user3277	other	saw a solar eclipse
user3277	has_hobby	walking
user3277	has_profession	security guard
user3277	has_hobby	chess
user3278	have	thoughts
user3278	has_hobby	found blogs
user3278	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user3278	like_activity	reading
user3278	has_hobby	writing
user3279	has_hobby	knitting
user3279	has_profession	tutor
user3279	like_activity	going barefoot
user3279	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user3280	have_chidren	children
user3280	gender	female
user3280	live_in_general	rural area
user3281	like_activity	walking
user3281	<blank>	<blank>
user3281	have_pet	lizard
user3281	like_activity	cooking
user3282	like_activity	play league of legends
user3282	has_hobby	walking
user3282	like_animal	dog
user3282	has_profession	gamer
user3282	marital_status	single
user3283	school_status	student
user3283	place_origin	california
user3283	like_activity	shopping
user3283	like_general	recycling
user3283	like_goto	outdoors
user3284	like_music	frank sinatra
user3284	like_activity	cooking
user3284	gender	female
user3284	like_watching	spongebob
user3285	like_activity	sleeping
user3285	has_profession	author
user3285	like_watching	youtube
user3285	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user3285	physical_attribute	brunette
user3286	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user3286	favorite_food	steak
user3286	misc_attribute	focused
user3286	live_in_general	condo
user3287	like_music	metal
user3287	have_chidren	2 son
user3287	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user3287	has_profession	teacher
user3287	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user3288	has_profession	teacher
user3288	have_pet	2 dog
user3288	have_chidren	2 children
user3288	other	mother
user3289	not_have	pet
user3289	have_vehicle	car
user3289	have	car
user3289	has_profession	scout
user3289	like_food	brunch
user3290	have_pet	2 dog
user3290	favorite_drink	red wine
user3290	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user3290	have_chidren	1 child
user3291	has_hobby	horseback riding
user3291	have_family	adopted
user3291	have_family	only child
user3291	other	"dont believe in love"
user3292	has_hobby	building furniture
user3292	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user3292	have	bowled a 300 twice
user3293	like_activity	painting
user3293	attend_school	university
user3293	want_do	painting
user3294	like_drink	beverage
user3294	favorite_food	nachos
user3294	has_hobby	d&d
user3294	dislike	talking to people
user3295	dislike	popcorn
user3295	like_food	nachos
user3295	has_hobby	filmng
user3295	employed_by_general	movie theater
user3296	physical_attribute	short
user3296	like_activity	sewing
user3296	physical_attribute	brunette
user3296	physical_attribute	overweight
user3296	have_pet	1 cat
user3297	like_sports	horseback riding
user3297	has_profession	police
user3297	place_origin	kansas
user3297	have_chidren	3 daughter
user3298	favorite_place	jamaica
user3298	like_activity	working out
user3298	like_activity	traveling
user3298	has_profession	travel agent
user3299	like_movie	magic mike
user3299	has_profession	teacher
user3299	like_activity	video games
user3299	like_activity	singing
user3299	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3300	like_general	impala
user3300	like_activity	fishing
user3300	like_music	classic
user3300	favorite_season	summer
user3301	like_activity	survivalism
user3301	other	free spirit
user3301	like_general	family and fun
user3302	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3302	like_general	dress up
user3302	dislike	cooking
user3302	misc_attribute	ambitious
user3302	like_activity	skin care
user3303	like_general	the library
user3303	dislike	trying new things
user3303	like_activity	competition
user3303	misc_attribute	distrustful
user3303	want	be alone
user3304	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user3304	favorite_sport	basketball
user3304	has_hobby	running
user3304	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user3305	has_hobby	reading
user3305	like_activity	dance
user3305	other	vegetarian
user3305	like_animal	sharks
user3305	misc_attribute	witty
user3306	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user3306	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user3306	like_food	shrimp
user3307	like_music	the beatles
user3307	has_hobby	gymnastics
user3307	has_profession	scientist
user3307	physical_attribute	tall
user3308	misc_attribute	passionate
user3308	misc_attribute	old soul
user3308	misc_attribute	unstable
user3308	want	voice
user3308	physical_attribute	have back pain
user3309	have_vehicle	ford
user3309	dislike	holidays
user3309	own	guns
user3309	marital_status	3 married
user3309	has_profession	police
user3310	member_of	hobby club
user3310	has_profession	poet
user3310	have_pet	fish
user3310	has_hobby	donating clothes
user3311	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3311	like_food	italian
user3311	like_goto	italy
user3311	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3312	has_profession	actor
user3312	previous_profession	actor
user3312	has_profession	actor
user3312	has_hobby	filmmaking
user3312	has_profession	actor
user3313	has_hobby	fishing
user3313	own	george foreman grill
user3313	like_activity	go karting
user3313	has_ability	play instrument
user3314	favorite_color	green
user3314	like_activity	cooking
user3315	attend_school	graduate school
user3315	attend_school	university
user3315	other	youngest
user3315	like_read	mystery
user3315	has_hobby	tennis
user3316	misc_attribute	accent
user3316	has_profession	teacher
user3316	teach	japanese and drawing
user3316	has_age	35
user3317	like_activity	eating
user3317	physical_attribute	attractive
user3317	physical_attribute	overweight
user3317	other	mother
user3317	want	attractive
user3318	marital_status	married
user3318	have_chidren	2 children
user3318	employed_by_general	vet
user3318	have_pet	3 dog
user3318	like_general	flowers
user3319	have_chidren	2 children
user3319	other	mother
user3319	has_profession	teacher
user3320	dislike	pickle
user3320	has_ability	writing a novel
user3320	favorite_show	rick and morty
user3320	own	iphone
user3320	favorite_color	black
user3321	want	play in a local band
user3321	own	9 guitars
user3321	other	vegan
user3321	has_ability	play instrument
user3321	like_music	system of a down
user3322	has_hobby	volley ball
user3322	like_activity	crocheting
user3322	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user3322	has_hobby	singing
user3323	like_activity	painting
user3323	like_food	meat
user3323	has_profession	car salesman
user3324	marital_status	married
user3324	have_sibling	sibling
user3324	previous_profession	slave
user3324	has_profession	carpenter
user3324	like_general	red
user3325	own	car
user3325	misc_attribute	quick
user3325	like_general	food trucks
user3326	marital_status	divorced
user3326	has_profession	mall cop
user3326	like_animal	dog
user3326	has_hobby	writing
user3326	want	corvette
user3327	like_music	classic rock
user3327	like_activity	fixing
user3327	like_activity	darts
user3327	like_drink	beer
user3328	place_origin	farm
user3328	have	fibromyalgia
user3328	like_activity	reading
user3328	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user3329	like_music	muggers
user3329	like_activity	surfing
user3329	have	bizarre dreams
user3329	marital_status	single
user3329	has_ability	earn passive income
user3330	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3330	dislike	tofu
user3330	have_vehicle	prius
user3331	like_activity	cooking
user3331	like_activity	dating women
user3331	job_status	retired
user3331	like_activity	going to bars
user3332	has_profession	disc jockey
user3332	other	am blind
user3332	physical_attribute	handicapped
user3332	have	friends
user3332	has_hobby	driving
user3333	other	pregnant
user3333	like_general	art
user3333	have	severe anxiety disorder
user3333	have_chidren	children
user3334	have_vehicle	boat
user3334	favorite_animal	fish
user3334	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user3334	has_hobby	fishing
user3334	like_food	tuna
user3335	like_activity	dancing
user3335	has_hobby	traveling
user3335	has_profession	engineer
user3335	has_profession	technician
user3336	want_job	musician
user3336	other	am a student
user3337	like_music	<blank>
user3337	like_activity	cycling
user3337	other	vegan
user3337	like_music	guitar
user3337	like_activity	skateboarding
user3338	physical_attribute	tall
user3338	have	survived
user3338	like_read	<blank>
user3338	like_activity	driving
user3339	has_profession	car maker
user3339	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user3339	have	money
user3339	like_food	macaroni
user3340	has_profession	pilot
user3340	dislike	spiders
user3340	other	parents in the military
user3340	have_pet	2 dog
user3341	have_pet	4 cat
user3341	like_music	metallica
user3341	attend_school	university
user3341	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user3342	favorite_color	purple
user3342	has_profession	teacher
user3342	have_chidren	child
user3342	place_origin	church
user3343	has_hobby	teapots
user3343	marital_status	divorced
user3343	like_animal	cat
user3344	misc_attribute	anxious
user3344	live_in_general	"parents house"
user3344	have_pet	cat
user3344	have_family	1 father
user3345	like_food	hot dog
user3345	has_hobby	reading
user3345	favorite_drink	pepsi
user3345	has_hobby	bird watching
user3345	has_profession	librarian
user3346	teach	kindergarten
user3346	like_goto	dates
user3346	like_goto	museum
user3346	school_status	student
user3347	has_age	25
user3347	employed_by_general	military
user3347	have_chidren	1 son
user3347	like_general	blue
user3348	have_pet	named charlie
user3348	own	2 hoop earrings
user3348	has_profession	artist
user3348	like_general	the nighttime
user3349	has_ability	speak language
user3349	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user3349	favorite_food	ravioli
user3349	have	not met my father
user3350	misc_attribute	regretful
user3350	dislike	my reputation
user3350	misc_attribute	critic
user3351	have	been to new york city
user3351	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user3351	like_drink	coffee
user3351	want_job	curator
user3351	has_hobby	painting
user3352	like_activity	reading
user3352	like_activity	beadworking
user3352	place_origin	farm
user3352	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user3353	like_activity	drawing
user3353	have_sibling	5 sibling
user3353	has_hobby	biking
user3353	has_profession	waitress
user3354	misc_attribute	shy
user3354	has_profession	1 librarian
user3354	have_chidren	0 children
user3354	own	wear glasses
user3354	marital_status	divorced
user3355	misc_attribute	overeat
user3355	misc_attribute	organized
user3355	like_general	kids
user3355	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user3355	has_profession	teacher
user3356	own	2 packs
user3356	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user3356	like_food	meatloaf
user3356	like_drink	coffee
user3357	physical_attribute	blonde
user3357	has_hobby	volunteering
user3357	has_hobby	dancing
user3357	has_ability	terrible speller
user3358	like_read	autobiographies
user3358	favorite_food	chicken
user3358	like_music	metallica
user3358	like_goto	gym
user3359	have_family	sibling
user3359	place_origin	chicago
user3359	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3359	has_ability	play instrument
user3360	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user3360	like_food	fruit
user3360	like_activity	snorkeling
user3360	like_activity	travel
user3360	like_general	apple products
user3361	employed_by_general	hotel
user3361	want_do	college.
user3361	like_activity	surfing
user3361	like_general	snow
user3361	favorite	actor robert denaro
user3362	like_general	red
user3362	physical_attribute	purple hair
user3362	like_movie	gone with the wind
user3362	<blank>	<blank>
user3363	like_watching	sport
user3363	has_hobby	working out
user3363	have	many cars
user3363	like_sports	basketball
user3364	like_activity	working out
user3364	has_ability	play instrument
user3364	want_job	software engineer
user3364	school_status	student
user3365	member_of	retirement home
user3365	has_age	old
user3365	like_activity	baking
user3366	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user3366	like_activity	sleeping
user3366	misc_attribute	antisocial
user3366	employed_by_general	factory
user3366	misc_attribute	lazy
user3367	gender	male
user3367	like_food	potato
user3367	has_profession	accountant
user3367	have	car
user3368	has_age	10
user3368	like_sports	water ski
user3368	other	arnold
user3368	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user3369	like_activity	gossiping
user3369	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user3369	dislike	kissing
user3369	misc_attribute	above average
user3369	misc_attribute	organized
user3370	marital_status	married
user3370	has_profession	carpenter
user3370	have_sibling	sibling
user3370	previous_profession	slave
user3371	physical_attribute	short
user3371	have_sibling	4 sibling
user3372	have_chidren	children
user3372	like_activity	cooking
user3372	favorite_show	face off
user3372	misc_attribute	organized
user3372	like_activity	running
user3373	has_hobby	baking
user3373	have_family	daughter
user3373	gender	female
user3374	have	seashells
user3374	have_pet	2 dog
user3374	has_profession	yoga instruction
user3374	have_chidren	1 son
user3375	other	christian
user3375	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3375	like_activity	football
user3376	other	vegetarian
user3376	school_status	graduated
user3376	like_animal	dog
user3377	has_age	18
user3377	place_origin	farm
user3377	other	carnivore
user3377	like_goto	rock concerts
user3378	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user3378	like_music	britney spears
user3378	like_watching	surgery
user3378	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user3378	like_activity	traveling
user3379	dislike	jokes
user3379	like_general	simpler times
user3379	like_general	simple jokes
user3379	like_watching	the flintstones
user3380	favorite_place	american eagle
user3380	like_activity	spending time with family
user3380	favorite	truck
user3380	dislike	vegetables
user3381	dislike	kissing
user3381	like_activity	gossiping
user3381	like_watching	talk show
user3381	misc_attribute	organized
user3382	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user3382	favorite_color	purple
user3382	<blank>	plants
user3382	have_family	only child
user3383	has_ability	drive truck
user3383	like_food	egg
user3383	like_animal	chicken
user3383	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3383	place_origin	kansas
user3384	want_job	author
user3384	has_hobby	writing
user3384	like_drink	iced tea
user3384	like_goto	museum
user3385	have_pet	doberman
user3385	has_age	25
user3385	has_profession	mechanic
user3385	gender	male
user3386	like_general	candles
user3386	dislike	rising early
user3386	like_activity	photography
user3386	like_activity	spending money
user3387	have_vehicle	ferrari
user3387	dislike	kids
user3387	dislike	acting
user3387	have_family	3 ex wives
user3388	like_music	imagine dragons
user3388	like_activity	running
user3388	like_food	crab
user3388	has_hobby	kayaking
user3389	like_activity	skin care
user3389	like_general	dress up
user3389	misc_attribute	ambitious
user3389	dislike	cooking
user3389	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3390	like_activity	fishing
user3390	has_hobby	watching television
user3390	has_profession	mechanic
user3390	live_in_general	alone
user3390	favorite_food	hamburger
user3391	like_general	being myself
user3391	favorite_food	pizza
user3391	has_hobby	walking
user3391	like_music	dream theater
user3391	like_activity	reading
user3392	misc_attribute	quick
user3392	own	car
user3392	like_general	food trucks
user3392	have_sibling	brother
user3393	dislike	traffic
user3393	other	vegetarian
user3393	like_activity	sleeping
user3394	have_vehicle	car
user3394	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user3394	has_profession	mechanic
user3394	like_sports	surfing
user3395	has_ability	can build computers
user3395	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user3395	want	join military when younger
user3395	previous_profession	mechanic
user3396	<blank>	seeking employment
user3396	favorite_color	red orange
user3396	have_family	grandmother
user3396	has_ability	play instrument
user3396	like_watching	horror
user3397	like_music	classic
user3397	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user3397	like_activity	fishing
user3397	favorite_season	summer
user3398	like_general	red
user3398	like_movie	gone with the wind
user3398	physical_attribute	purple hair
user3398	<blank>	<blank>
user3399	other	am a widow
user3399	has_age	77
user3399	like_drink	coffee
user3399	favorite_activity	gardening
user3400	job_status	employed
user3400	marital_status	engaged
user3400	has_hobby	baseball
user3400	like_watching	south park
user3401	like_general	my work
user3401	marital_status	married
user3401	like_music	classical
user3401	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3402	have_chidren	1 son
user3402	like_activity	swimming
user3402	like_read	<blank>
user3402	other	epileptic
user3403	like_activity	cooking
user3403	like_music	drake
user3403	like_goto	restaurant
user3403	has_ability	play instrument
user3403	like_music	rap
user3404	want	corvette
user3404	misc_attribute	insecure
user3404	marital_status	married
user3404	other	hungry
user3405	have	many cars
user3405	like_watching	sport
user3405	has_hobby	working out
user3406	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user3406	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user3406	live_in_general	near celebrities
user3407	want_do	<blank>
user3407	teach	arts
user3407	like_animal	unicorns
user3407	want_do	travel
user3407	has_ability	playing pool
user3408	has_ability	3 speak language
user3408	want_job	employment
user3408	other	colour blind
user3408	have_chidren	2 children
user3408	favorite_music_artist	rush
user3409	like_music	rock
user3409	like_activity	video games
user3409	other	diabetic
user3409	job_status	unemployed
user3410	like_sports	equestrian
user3410	other	allergic to shellfish
user3410	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user3410	like_activity	dancing
user3411	has_ability	website design
user3411	want	find easy ways to make money
user3411	like_general	technology
user3411	like_read	news
user3411	want_do	invest in stock market
user3412	other	dave
user3412	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user3412	has_hobby	hiking
user3412	has_profession	personal trainer
user3412	like_activity	fishing
user3413	favorite_color	green
user3413	has_profession	baseball player
user3413	like_read	history
user3414	gender	female
user3414	has_hobby	swimming
user3414	favorite_color	purple
user3414	has_degree	masters
user3414	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user3415	other	vegan
user3415	has_hobby	walking
user3415	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user3415	have_chidren	1 son
user3415	like_animal	animals
user3416	has_age	71
user3416	like_activity	gardening
user3416	like_food	vegetables
user3417	misc_attribute	sociable
user3417	has_ability	play instrument
user3417	has_hobby	band
user3417	want_job	director
user3418	has_profession	baker
user3418	like_general	katy perry
user3418	like_activity	sewing
user3418	have	a few friends
user3418	like_activity	hunting
user3419	marital_status	married
user3419	has_hobby	traveling
user3419	misc_attribute	1 religious
user3419	favorite_book	the bible
user3419	gender	male
user3420	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user3420	like_activity	reading
user3421	have_chidren	2 children
user3421	marital_status	married
user3421	like_general	flowers
user3421	have_pet	3 dog
user3421	employed_by_general	vet
user3422	other	carnivore
user3422	has_ability	play instrument
user3422	other	gay
user3422	has_profession	welder
user3422	like_activity	video games
user3423	have_family	0 husband
user3423	have_chidren	2 daughter
user3423	like_activity	story telling
user3423	teach	english literature
user3423	want_job	writer
user3424	has_hobby	sketching
user3424	like_watching	anime
user3424	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user3424	has_hobby	video games
user3425	like_general	color: pink
user3425	has_profession	yoga instruction
user3425	marital_status	married
user3425	misc_attribute	distant
user3426	favorite_season	duck hunting
user3426	like_activity	tailgate parties
user3426	has_profession	farmer
user3426	have	girlfriend
user3427	want_do	climbing
user3427	have	shot lion
user3427	has_hobby	artist
user3427	misc_attribute	sad
user3427	like_activity	sculpting
user3428	employed_by_general	vet
user3428	marital_status	married
user3428	have_pet	3 dog
user3428	have_chidren	2 children
user3429	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user3429	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user3429	live_in_general	near celebrities
user3429	has_age	19
user3430	like_music	the beatles
user3430	physical_attribute	tall
user3430	has_profession	scientist
user3431	want_job	musician
user3431	marital_status	married
user3431	job_status	employed
user3431	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user3431	has_profession	factory worker
user3432	has_hobby	watching television
user3432	has_profession	teacher
user3432	has_profession	teacher
user3432	other	sarah
user3432	has_hobby	reading
user3433	job_status	employed
user3433	has_degree	education
user3433	job_status	employed
user3433	has_age	22
user3434	like_general	to chat with my friends
user3434	like_goto	restaurant
user3434	like_activity	driving
user3434	like_goto	movie theater
user3435	dislike	job
user3435	like_general	blue
user3435	has_profession	athlete
user3435	like_goto	india
user3435	want_job	explorer
user3436	misc_attribute	practical
user3436	dislike	bread
user3437	misc_attribute	friendly
user3437	favorite_food	italian
user3437	have	10 piercings
user3437	<blank>	smoking
user3438	other	gay
user3438	has_ability	brewing
user3438	like_activity	making coffee
user3438	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user3438	have	1 new house
user3439	physical_attribute	brunette
user3439	own	wear contacts
user3439	physical_attribute	athletic
user3439	like_activity	cycling
user3439	like_food	carrots
user3440	not_have	pet
user3440	have	car
user3440	like_food	brunch
user3440	has_profession	scout
user3440	have_vehicle	car
user3441	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user3441	dislike	city
user3441	have_sibling	brother
user3441	has_ability	play instrument
user3441	other	omar
user3442	has_hobby	yoga
user3442	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user3442	marital_status	married
user3442	has_profession	teacher
user3442	has_hobby	volunteer
user3443	like_food	ice cream
user3443	employed_by_general	dog walker
user3443	have	0 traveled.
user3443	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user3444	like_sports	fan
user3444	have_vehicle	car
user3444	want_job	entrepreneur
user3444	like_activity	politics
user3445	own	consulting firm
user3445	job_status	employed
user3445	job_status	employed
user3445	has_profession	owner
user3446	misc_attribute	helpful
user3446	dislike	vegetables
user3446	dislike	basketball
user3447	own	home
user3447	like_food	barbecue
user3447	has_profession	writer
user3447	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user3448	want_job	professional eater
user3448	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user3448	dislike	cleaning
user3448	misc_attribute	depressed
user3449	like_sports	soccer
user3449	school_status	rejected
user3449	has_age	7
user3450	like_activity	drawing
user3450	like_activity	socialize
user3450	have_chidren	5 children
user3450	like_general	gadgets
user3451	want_do	learning
user3451	want_do	schooling
user3451	like_watching	netflix
user3451	have_sibling	sister
user3451	want_do	<blank>
user3452	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user3452	like_activity	napping
user3452	like_watching	sport
user3452	has_hobby	singing
user3453	attend_school	high school
user3453	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user3453	has_age	15
user3454	like_general	taking her to the park
user3454	have_chidren	daughter
user3454	has_age	25
user3454	live_in_general	apartment
user3455	has_hobby	building furniture
user3455	job_status	employed
user3455	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user3455	have	bowled a 300 twice
user3456	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3456	has_hobby	hiking
user3456	want_job	teacher
user3456	school_status	graduated
user3456	has_degree	american literature and education
user3457	like_read	<blank>
user3457	employed_by_general	magazine
user3457	like_activity	game halo
user3457	like_activity	working out
user3458	physical_attribute	going bald
user3458	dislike	flowers
user3458	has_ability	play instrument
user3458	has_ability	making clothing
user3458	like_general	jimmy fallon
user3459	like_sports	swimming
user3459	attend_school	university
user3459	misc_attribute	social
user3459	has_hobby	exercise
user3460	other	adopted
user3460	employed_by_general	a local party store
user3460	favorite	christmas
user3460	have	birth mother
user3461	have_pet	1 dog
user3461	has_ability	play instrument
user3461	has_ability	play instrument
user3462	other	name is kevin
user3462	want_job	software engineer
user3462	school_status	student
user3462	like_activity	working out
user3463	has_ability	0 run very fast
user3463	favorite_drink	coffee
user3463	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user3463	have_vehicle	car
user3463	physical_attribute	skinny
user3464	have_vehicle	boat
user3464	has_hobby	fishing
user3464	like_food	tuna
user3464	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user3465	dislike	tomato
user3465	physical_attribute	short
user3465	have	wheel chair
user3465	have_chidren	2 children
user3466	has_profession	semi trucks
user3466	want_do	vacation
user3467	job_status	employed
user3467	favorite_show	game of thrones
user3467	like_activity	cosplay
user3467	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user3467	like_activity	watching television
user3468	misc_attribute	dirty
user3468	like_activity	video games
user3468	have_pet	cat
user3468	want	a real dragon
user3468	own	suspenders
user3469	like_food	all
user3469	other	big family
user3469	place_origin	outside the us
user3469	want	weather
user3469	school_status	graduated
user3470	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user3470	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user3470	has_age	19
user3471	like_general	my family
user3471	have_pet	3 dog
user3471	like_music	jazz
user3472	like_goto	thrift shops
user3472	like_activity	sewing
user3472	has_profession	teacher
user3472	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user3473	misc_attribute	healthy
user3473	misc_attribute	social
user3473	misc_attribute	smart
user3473	attend_school	high school
user3474	have_pet	3 dog
user3474	has_profession	accountant
user3474	like_read	horror
user3474	like_general	blue
user3475	has_age	32
user3475	has_hobby	video games
user3475	live_in_general	with parents
user3475	dislike	job
user3475	like_food	take out
user3476	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user3476	like_activity	sewing
user3476	other	partially blind
user3476	has_hobby	volunteering
user3476	has_ability	bird calls
user3477	have_pet	2 cat
user3477	place_origin	mexico
user3477	like_activity	baking
user3477	previous_profession	chef
user3477	like_activity	walking
user3478	want	autographs from authors
user3478	other	used to wear glasses
user3478	want_job	publishing
user3479	favorite_food	steak
user3479	like_activity	running
user3479	marital_status	divorced
user3479	favorite_place	new york
user3480	has_degree	nursing
user3480	favorite_food	sushi
user3480	like_general	helping others
user3481	favorite_music	country
user3481	like_food	snack
user3481	physical_attribute	brunette
user3481	like_activity	traveling
user3482	has_hobby	listens
user3482	like_read	<blank>
user3482	have_vehicle	<blank>
user3482	dislike	traffic
user3483	favorite_book	stephen king
user3483	like_activity	reading
user3483	other	christian
user3483	has_profession	veterinarian
user3483	favorite_movie	horror
user3484	favorite	superman
user3484	have	been cheated on
user3484	dislike	heights
user3484	have_family	1 twins
user3485	has_hobby	cheerleading
user3485	have_chidren	children
user3485	like_activity	shopping
user3485	has_profession	blogger
user3485	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user3486	has_hobby	filmmaking
user3486	has_profession	actor
user3486	has_profession	actor
user3486	previous_profession	actor
user3487	favorite_place	new york
user3487	favorite_food	steak
user3487	marital_status	divorced
user3487	like_activity	running
user3487	has_profession	lawyer
user3488	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user3488	like_activity	singing
user3488	favorite	halo 3
user3488	<blank>	<blank>
user3488	have_vehicle	moped
user3489	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user3489	want	to take over the world
user3489	like_activity	singing
user3489	have	nickname
user3490	other	have never been on the west coast
user3490	other	was on the news
user3490	like_activity	travel
user3491	other	am bisexual
user3491	have_family	parents
user3491	job_status	unemployed
user3491	want	help
user3492	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user3492	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user3492	have_family	children
user3492	like_activity	driving
user3492	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user3493	like_goto	florida
user3493	has_profession	freelance accountant
user3493	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user3493	dislike	social situations
user3494	like_food	apple
user3494	dislike	meat
user3494	like_food	fruit
user3494	like_food	apple
user3494	favorite_food	apple
user3495	like_animal	butterfly
user3495	favorite	hero
user3495	dislike	dresses
user3495	favorite_season	summer
user3495	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user3496	gender	female
user3496	physical_attribute	blonde
user3496	attend_school	high school
user3496	like_activity	skateboarding
user3497	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user3497	misc_attribute	religious
user3497	favorite	donna karen clothes
user3497	has_profession	teacher
user3498	<blank>	<blank>
user3498	have_vehicle	moped
user3498	favorite	halo 3
user3498	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user3499	other	friends.
user3499	marital_status	married
user3499	has_hobby	basketball
user3499	have_chidren	2 son
user3499	has_ability	feeling lost
user3500	like_goto	festivals
user3500	like_food	meat
user3500	like_music	the story so far
user3500	employed_by_company	online
user3501	want	happy
user3501	want	procedures
user3501	like_general	her
user3502	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3502	other	wiccan
user3502	misc_attribute	disbelief
user3503	dislike	school
user3503	has_ability	300 speak language
user3503	has_profession	business man
user3503	want	parents
user3504	like_activity	mountain biking
user3504	like_activity	hiking
user3504	like_activity	traveling
user3504	has_hobby	environmentalist
user3504	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user3505	dislike	coffee
user3505	has_profession	finance
user3505	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user3506	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user3506	like_animal	animals
user3506	have_chidren	1 son
user3506	other	vegan
user3507	live_in_general	studio apartment
user3507	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user3507	have_family	3 sister
user3507	want_job	nurse
user3508	has_ability	3 speak language
user3508	have_chidren	2 children
user3508	job_status	seeking employment
user3508	favorite_music_artist	rush
user3509	favorite_season	spring
user3509	have	boots
user3509	dislike	losing
user3509	like_activity	fishing
user3510	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user3510	has_ability	card countin
user3510	want_job	casino manager
user3510	has_degree	statistics
user3510	have_chidren	3 children
user3511	have_pet	cat
user3511	like_activity	singing
user3511	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user3511	school_status	student
user3511	has_profession	coffee shop
user3512	dislike	<blank>
user3512	misc_attribute	regretful
user3512	misc_attribute	critic
user3512	dislike	feeling controlled
user3513	place_origin	baton rouge
user3513	has_profession	chef
user3513	have_pet	parrot
user3514	misc_attribute	old soul
user3514	misc_attribute	passionate
user3514	want	voice
user3514	physical_attribute	have back pain
user3515	like_activity	video games
user3515	have_pet	cat
user3515	own	suspenders
user3515	want	a real dragon
user3515	misc_attribute	dirty
user3516	misc_attribute	lose control
user3516	like_music	bob marley
user3516	has_profession	manager
user3516	dislike	boss
user3517	like_drink	milk shakes
user3517	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user3517	favorite	holiday is halloween
user3517	have_pet	dog
user3518	like_sports	field hockey
user3518	school_status	student
user3518	like_animal	dog
user3518	has_age	15
user3519	has_profession	ballerina
user3519	job_status	employed
user3519	like_watching	comedy
user3519	favorite_food	hamburgers
user3520	has_age	middle aged
user3520	like_music	religious
user3520	misc_attribute	quiet
user3520	like_sports	basketball
user3520	like_general	family
user3521	has_ability	not swim
user3521	like_music	rock
user3521	favorite_food	steak
user3521	own	chevy tahoe
user3522	employed_by_company	walmart
user3522	like_food	food with no animal product
user3522	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user3522	favorite_music_artist	muse
user3523	gender	male
user3523	like_food	sweets
user3523	misc_attribute	unsociable
user3523	other	jack of all trades
user3524	favorite_music	rock
user3524	has_hobby	traveling
user3524	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user3524	like_sports	skiing
user3524	attend_school	university
user3525	other	jack of all trades
user3525	gender	male
user3525	misc_attribute	careful
user3525	like_food	sweets
user3525	misc_attribute	unsociable
user3526	like_sports	cycling
user3526	physical_attribute	beard
user3526	like_activity	football
user3526	gender	male
user3526	have_pet	dog
user3527	like_music	country
user3527	like_goto	beach
user3527	like_read	<blank>
user3527	other	vegan
user3528	school_status	student
user3528	have_pet	cat
user3528	has_profession	coffee shop
user3528	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user3528	like_activity	singing
user3529	previous_profession	reporter
user3529	other	recovering alcoholic
user3529	live_in_general	condo
user3529	have	large mustache
user3530	have_vehicle	car
user3530	like_food	all
user3530	like_music	rock
user3530	employed_by_general	large company
user3530	want	win lottery
user3531	marital_status	engaged
user3531	marital_status	engaged
user3531	marital_status	engaged
user3532	dislike	career
user3532	job_status	unemployed
user3532	has_hobby	writing
user3532	has_profession	translator
user3533	has_profession	athlete
user3533	has_hobby	basketball
user3533	attend_school	university of north carolina
user3533	has_profession	basketball player
user3533	has_profession	basketball player
user3534	favorite_food	jello
user3534	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user3534	have_pet	4 pet
user3534	like_activity	card game
user3535	dislike	riding the bus
user3535	like_general	littlest things
user3535	job_status	employed
user3535	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user3536	dislike	basketball
user3536	dislike	vegetables
user3536	misc_attribute	helpful
user3536	like_sports	badminton
user3537	like_activity	roleplay
user3537	dislike	all
user3537	like_general	cars
user3538	physical_attribute	brunette
user3538	job_status	employed
user3538	dislike	cleaning
user3539	like_sports	football
user3539	like_activity	reading
user3540	like_goto	foreign countries
user3540	have_pet	3 cat
user3540	have_family	only child
user3540	physical_attribute	blonde
user3541	have	friend
user3541	dislike	pudding
user3541	want_do	drugs
user3541	like_music	ke ha
user3541	like_activity	living in texas
user3542	like_activity	swimming
user3542	have_pet	cat
user3542	like_drink	coffee
user3543	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user3543	job_status	seeking employment
user3543	has_hobby	running
user3543	want_do	own a restaurant
user3544	like_food	lasagna
user3544	favorite	penn and teller
user3544	have_pet	2 dog
user3544	have_vehicle	car
user3544	want_job	astronaut
user3545	job_status	0 seeking employment
user3545	other	am impressed
user3545	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user3545	has_profession	small business owner
user3546	favorite	toyota cars
user3546	dislike	overtime
user3546	like_general	vote
user3546	employed_by_general	hospital
user3546	want	truck
user3547	has_degree	masters
user3547	favorite_color	purple
user3547	gender	female
user3547	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user3548	have	started a fire
user3548	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user3548	own	an edged weapon
user3548	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user3548	has_ability	speak language
user3549	have	support of my whole family
user3549	has_ability	1 dancing
user3549	want	retire
user3549	has_hobby	ballet
user3550	has_hobby	volunteering
user3550	physical_attribute	blonde
user3550	other	terrible speller
user3550	has_hobby	dancing
user3550	dislike	country
user3551	physical_attribute	tall
user3551	like_general	lamp
user3551	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user3551	has_profession	designer
user3552	previous_profession	movie theater
user3552	physical_attribute	long hair
user3552	want	a new camera
user3552	has_hobby	running
user3552	like_food	spicy
user3553	have	beard
user3553	live_in_general	a cold location
user3553	like_activity	fishing
user3553	other	viking
user3554	physical_attribute	brunette
user3554	like_sports	surfing
user3554	like_watching	sunsets
user3554	live_in_general	near the ocean
user3555	have_sibling	2 brother
user3555	place_origin	chicago
user3555	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3556	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user3556	like_general	forest
user3556	want	food
user3556	misc_attribute	reserved
user3557	employed_by_general	restaurant
user3557	school_status	student
user3557	like_goto	beach
user3557	like_activity	partying
user3557	attend_school	university
user3558	want	truck
user3558	employed_by_general	hospital
user3558	like_general	vote
user3558	dislike	overtime
user3558	favorite	toyota cars
user3559	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3559	has_degree	american literature and education
user3559	has_hobby	hiking
user3559	school_status	graduated
user3560	other	sarah
user3560	has_hobby	watching television
user3560	has_profession	teacher
user3560	has_hobby	reading
user3561	favorite_animal	dolphins
user3561	like_activity	making lets plays
user3561	like_watching	youtube
user3562	like_activity	hiking
user3562	like_music	one direction
user3562	like_activity	skiing
user3562	place_origin	colorado
user3562	like_general	the weather
user3563	dislike	waking up early
user3563	like_general	candles
user3563	like_general	rain
user3563	like_activity	spending money
user3563	like_activity	photography
user3564	like_general	politics
user3564	has_hobby	football
user3564	like_activity	running
user3564	marital_status	married
user3565	has_ability	dance and sing
user3565	has_ability	speak language
user3565	want_job	actor
user3565	have_pet	1 dog
user3565	live_in_general	los angeles
user3566	like_read	books
user3566	have_pet	dog
user3567	misc_attribute	helpful
user3567	like_sports	badminton
user3567	dislike	vegetables
user3568	like_music	concerts
user3568	have	tattoo
user3568	other	vegan
user3568	has_hobby	philosophy
user3569	like_sports	cycling
user3569	gender	male
user3569	physical_attribute	beard
user3569	like_activity	football
user3570	like_drink	iced tea
user3570	want_job	author
user3570	like_goto	museum
user3570	employed_by_general	bookstore
user3570	has_hobby	writing
user3571	other	ketogenic
user3571	have_pet	2 dog
user3571	has_hobby	watching movies
user3571	employed_by_general	circus
user3572	like_general	vinyl records
user3572	want_do	fix
user3572	misc_attribute	active
user3572	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user3573	has_age	25
user3573	has_profession	cashier
user3573	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user3573	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user3574	has_ability	speak language
user3574	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user3574	want	to be something else
user3574	physical_attribute	6 tall
user3575	has_age	32
user3575	has_hobby	diet
user3575	marital_status	married
user3575	marital_status	married
user3576	job_status	seeking employment
user3576	other	relative
user3576	have_pet	dog
user3576	physical_attribute	short
user3576	like_general	red
user3577	has_hobby	cooking
user3577	has_ability	play instrument
user3577	<blank>	<blank>
user3577	live_in_general	alone
user3577	has_profession	scientist
user3578	have	nickname
user3578	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user3578	like_activity	singing
user3578	want	to take over the world
user3579	marital_status	single
user3579	like_activity	yoga
user3579	employed_by_general	newspaper
user3579	favorite_color	grey
user3579	like_activity	writing
user3580	like_read	<blank>
user3580	employed_by_general	hospital
user3580	has_profession	nurse
user3580	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user3581	have_chidren	4 daughter
user3581	has_ability	play instrument
user3581	like_food	cake
user3581	have_pet	2 dog
user3581	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user3582	favorite_food	italian
user3582	dislike	country and jazz music
user3582	favorite_book	middlesex
user3582	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user3582	has_hobby	working out
user3583	has_profession	nurse
user3583	misc_attribute	bipolar
user3583	other	mother
user3583	like_food	hummus
user3583	want	child
user3584	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user3584	like_food	pizza
user3584	gender	transfemale
user3584	has_age	20
user3584	like_general	blue
user3585	like_general	spend time with family
user3585	like_sports	playing
user3585	attend_school	university
user3585	has_degree	business
user3586	like_activity	drawing and painting
user3586	have_vehicle	car
user3586	job_status	employed
user3587	other	eat out for food
user3587	have	problems
user3587	physical_attribute	short
user3587	like_animal	animals
user3587	physical_attribute	glasses
user3588	want_job	teacher
user3588	has_hobby	hiking
user3588	school_status	graduated
user3588	has_degree	american literature and education
user3588	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3589	have_family	mother
user3589	have	princess bed
user3589	has_age	4
user3589	like_activity	playing outside
user3590	want_job	journalist
user3590	has_ability	sorting books
user3590	like_read	fantasy
user3591	favorite_color	green
user3591	like_animal	animals
user3591	want_job	singer
user3591	like_sports	tennis
user3592	like_goto	movie theater
user3592	like_activity	driving
user3592	like_read	in a series
user3592	like_general	to chat with my friends
user3592	like_goto	restaurant
user3593	like_activity	driving
user3593	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user3593	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user3593	have_family	children
user3593	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user3594	like_sports	softball
user3594	like_read	history
user3594	has_profession	technician
user3595	like_music	charlie daniels
user3595	have_pet	dog
user3595	marital_status	married
user3595	has_hobby	fishing
user3596	like_music	country
user3596	previous_profession	clown
user3596	like_sports	surfing
user3596	has_profession	reality tv star
user3597	has_profession	musician
user3597	want_do	home
user3597	have	friend
user3598	misc_attribute	funny
user3598	have	sausage fingers
user3598	physical_attribute	am bloated
user3598	has_ability	draw
user3598	favorite_drink	sprite
user3599	favorite_food	pizza
user3599	has_hobby	walking
user3599	like_activity	reading
user3599	like_general	being myself
user3599	like_music	dream theater
user3600	school_status	student
user3600	physical_attribute	strong
user3600	like_animal	cat
user3601	favorite_hobby	baseball
user3601	has_profession	truck driver
user3601	has_profession	driver
user3601	has_hobby	camping
user3601	have_chidren	2 children
user3602	dislike	tofu
user3602	have_vehicle	prius
user3602	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3603	has_profession	veterinarian
user3603	favorite_movie	horror
user3603	other	christian
user3603	like_activity	reading
user3603	favorite_book	stephen king
user3604	have_vehicle	convertible
user3604	like_activity	spreading happiness
user3604	has_profession	lifeguard
user3604	misc_attribute	exciting
user3605	misc_attribute	social
user3605	misc_attribute	healthy
user3605	has_hobby	exercise
user3605	attend_school	university
user3605	like_sports	football
user3606	have_pet	2 dog
user3606	like_general	brothers
user3606	has_profession	receptionist
user3606	favorite_place	disney world
user3606	like_read	crime
user3607	has_profession	driver
user3607	favorite_hobby	baseball
user3607	has_hobby	camping
user3607	has_profession	truck driver
user3607	have_chidren	2 children
user3608	like_sports	golf
user3608	like_general	my work
user3608	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3608	marital_status	married
user3608	like_music	classical
user3609	like_activity	hiking
user3609	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user3609	like_food	fish
user3609	dislike	losing things
user3609	like_music	marduk
user3610	has_hobby	travel
user3610	has_ability	6 tv news
user3610	like_activity	reenactment
user3611	have	never
user3611	gender	female
user3611	like_activity	dancing
user3611	like_activity	shopping
user3612	like_general	shoes
user3612	live_in_general	near the ocean
user3612	favorite_book	jane austen
user3612	like_food	fish
user3612	have_vehicle	boat
user3613	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user3613	has_age	21
user3613	have_pet	cat
user3613	favorite	rose
user3613	school_status	student
user3614	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user3614	favorite_book	middlesex
user3614	has_hobby	working out
user3614	dislike	country and jazz music
user3614	favorite_food	italian
user3615	marital_status	married
user3615	misc_attribute	bored
user3615	own	money
user3615	favorite_food	cheesecake
user3616	own	wear contacts
user3616	like_food	carrots
user3616	physical_attribute	athletic
user3616	physical_attribute	brunette
user3617	other	make 35 million a year
user3617	member_of	sports team
user3617	has_profession	basketball player
user3617	attend_school	university
user3618	like_general	remodelling homes
user3618	like_sports	archery
user3618	like_activity	shopping
user3618	favorite	halloween
user3619	like_activity	rpg computer games
user3619	have	crush
user3619	has_hobby	tabletop games
user3619	own	inhaler
user3619	live_in_general	a home
user3620	employed_by_general	bank
user3620	live_in_general	city
user3620	place_origin	upstate
user3620	attend_school	university
user3621	has_hobby	singing
user3621	favorite_color	yellow
user3621	like_activity	skiing
user3621	favorite_place	florida
user3622	misc_attribute	active
user3622	have_vehicle	junk
user3622	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user3622	like_general	vinyl records
user3622	want_do	fix
user3623	have_chidren	5 children
user3623	like_activity	drawing
user3623	<blank>	<blank>
user3623	like_music	all genres
user3623	<blank>	<blank>
user3624	marital_status	married
user3624	have_chidren	3 children
user3624	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user3624	like_drink	soda
user3625	has_hobby	archery
user3625	want_do	sports
user3625	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3625	dislike	sports
user3626	other	puerto rican / chinese
user3626	like_music	blues
user3626	has_ability	2 speak language
user3626	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user3626	like_general	prince
user3627	has_ability	can build computers
user3627	previous_profession	mechanic
user3627	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user3627	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user3628	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user3628	like_read	crime
user3628	school_status	graduate student
user3629	employed_by_general	arena
user3629	have	allergy
user3629	want_job	actress
user3629	favorite_animal	zebra
user3629	has_profession	writer
user3630	like_general	red
user3630	school_status	student
user3630	have_pet	dog
user3630	have_family	only child
user3631	dislike	socializing
user3631	like_drink	coffee
user3631	misc_attribute	attentive
user3631	like_general	sunny day
user3632	have_chidren	4 daughter
user3632	has_profession	athlete
user3632	like_animal	fish
user3632	has_profession	driver
user3633	like_watching	foreign
user3633	dislike	eating out
user3633	dislike	social obligations
user3634	dislike	music
user3634	misc_attribute	friendly
user3634	physical_attribute	red hair
user3634	other	nick
user3634	have_vehicle	scooter
user3635	like_activity	skateboarding
user3635	like_music	guitar
user3635	other	vegan
user3635	like_activity	cycling
user3636	dislike	flowers
user3636	has_ability	play instrument
user3636	has_ability	making clothing
user3636	like_general	jimmy fallon
user3637	favorite_movie	good burger
user3637	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user3637	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user3637	other	carnivore
user3637	like_activity	whittling
user3638	like_activity	shopping
user3638	school_status	graduated
user3638	like_food	sushi
user3638	like_animal	dog
user3639	attend_school	beauty classes
user3639	like_watching	make up tutorials
user3639	has_ability	apply make-up
user3639	has_hobby	youtube
user3640	like_activity	sleeping
user3640	like_watching	youtube
user3640	has_profession	author
user3640	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user3641	like_general	people
user3641	want	immortality
user3641	like_general	technology
user3641	has_hobby	diving
user3642	misc_attribute	content
user3642	misc_attribute	shy
user3642	have_pet	dog
user3642	like_activity	singing
user3643	want_job	athlete
user3643	like_music	one direction
user3643	attend_school	elementary school
user3643	favorite_food	spaghetti
user3644	school_status	student
user3644	school_status	student
user3644	like_goto	dates
user3644	other	vegan
user3644	like_goto	museum
user3645	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user3645	has_profession	dental assistant
user3645	like_activity	clubbing
user3645	own	universe
user3646	employed_by_general	hotel
user3646	like_activity	video games
user3646	favorite_music	kpop
user3646	like_food	junk food
user3646	has_hobby	writing
user3647	has_profession	semi trucks
user3647	marital_status	married
user3648	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user3648	like_activity	swimming
user3648	has_hobby	traveling
user3648	like_general	cabins in the woods
user3649	job_status	employed
user3649	like_activity	singing
user3649	like_activity	cooking
user3649	have_family	husband
user3649	have	girlfriend
user3650	school_status	student
user3650	have	2 science classes
user3650	employed_by_general	library
user3650	live_in_general	home
user3651	want	find easy ways to make money
user3651	want_do	invest in stock market
user3651	like_read	news
user3651	like_general	technology
user3651	has_ability	website design
user3652	like_music	rock
user3652	like_sports	basketball
user3652	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user3652	other	name is gerald
user3653	employed_by_company	peta
user3653	like_activity	sewing
user3653	like_animal	animals
user3653	other	vegetarian
user3653	job_status	employed
user3654	have_pet	2 cat
user3654	favorite_sport	soccer
user3654	nationality	canada
user3654	like_activity	video games
user3655	has_ability	drive
user3655	dislike	science
user3655	job_status	seeking employment
user3655	favorite_color	purple
user3656	marital_status	married
user3656	like_general	red
user3656	has_profession	carpenter
user3656	previous_profession	slave
user3657	has_profession	party planning
user3657	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user3657	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user3658	have_family	niece
user3658	like_goto	beach
user3658	attend_school	graduate school
user3658	have	obsession with dog
user3659	school_status	student
user3659	like_sports	soccer
user3659	like_sports	soccer
user3659	place_origin	france
user3659	have_sibling	brother
user3660	misc_attribute	accent
user3660	have_pet	dog
user3660	teach	japanese and drawing
user3660	has_profession	teacher
user3660	marital_status	single
user3661	misc_attribute	emotional
user3661	school_status	dropped out
user3661	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user3661	misc_attribute	romantic
user3662	has_age	15
user3662	attend_school	high school
user3662	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user3662	other	braces
user3663	has_ability	math
user3663	like_general	computers
user3663	have_sibling	sibling
user3663	like_activity	0 thinking
user3663	misc_attribute	nerd
user3664	like_activity	horseback riding
user3664	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user3664	have_chidren	2 son
user3664	has_hobby	camping
user3665	want_job	curator
user3665	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user3665	like_drink	coffee
user3665	have	been to new york city
user3666	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user3666	physical_attribute	overweight
user3666	physical_attribute	tall
user3666	like_general	lamp
user3667	has_ability	play instrument
user3667	like_activity	travel
user3667	has_ability	play instrument
user3667	like_activity	cooking
user3668	other	arnold
user3668	like_sports	water ski
user3668	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user3668	has_age	10
user3669	has_hobby	band
user3669	want_job	director
user3669	has_ability	play instrument
user3670	like_food	pizza
user3670	like_activity	dance
user3670	like_activity	shopping
user3670	like_food	burrito
user3671	like_drink	water
user3671	like_activity	watching television
user3671	like_sports	<blank>
user3671	have	been in two car crashes
user3672	physical_attribute	slow
user3672	have	medical bills
user3672	other	0 chewing food
user3672	like_goto	hospital
user3673	employed_by_general	large company
user3673	like_food	all
user3673	like_music	rock
user3673	have_vehicle	car
user3674	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user3674	marital_status	divorced
user3674	attend_school	graduate school
user3675	have_chidren	children
user3675	has_hobby	horseback riding
user3675	has_hobby	camping
user3675	have_chidren	mother
user3676	like_sports	volley ball
user3676	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user3676	like_food	pickled eggs
user3676	like_activity	doing nails
user3676	like_activity	hiking
user3677	like_watching	drama
user3677	misc_attribute	motivated
user3677	like_music	yo gotti
user3677	job_status	seeking employment
user3678	like_activity	skateboarding
user3678	physical_attribute	blonde
user3678	attend_school	high school
user3678	gender	female
user3679	attend_school	high school
user3679	like_activity	sleeping
user3679	has_hobby	cs and ds
user3679	like_music	bruno mars
user3679	like_food	sweets
user3680	want_do	speak language
user3680	like_activity	learning
user3680	own	computer
user3680	like_watching	foreign
user3680	misc_attribute	bored
user3681	like_food	vegetables
user3681	misc_attribute	shy
user3681	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user3681	physical_attribute	allergic
user3681	have	trouble connecting with family
user3682	marital_status	single
user3682	favorite_hobby	reading
user3682	favorite_food	pizza
user3682	favorite	subject was science
user3683	like_music	all american rejecs
user3683	have_pet	3 dog
user3683	has_ability	run marathons
user3683	has_profession	athlete
user3683	dislike	sweet potatoes
user3684	favorite_food	chicken
user3684	like_read	autobiographies
user3684	have_pet	cat
user3684	like_goto	gym
user3685	misc_attribute	talent
user3685	has_hobby	cooking
user3685	like_activity	cooking
user3685	misc_attribute	persistent
user3685	attend_school	classes
user3686	like_activity	cooking
user3686	like_general	social media
user3686	want_do	photography
user3686	place_origin	austin
user3687	like_general	blue
user3687	have_pet	5 cat
user3687	nationality	british
user3688	<blank>	<blank>
user3688	<blank>	<blank>
user3688	like_activity	drawing
user3688	like_music	all genres
user3689	have_chidren	2 children
user3689	has_age	30
user3689	marital_status	married
user3689	have_pet	2 <blank>
user3689	like_activity	walking
user3690	school_status	student
user3690	place_origin	france
user3690	favorite_food	taco
user3690	like_activity	drawing
user3690	other	vegan
user3691	have_sibling	twin brother
user3691	misc_attribute	helpful
user3691	want_do	skydiving
user3691	like_activity	gardening
user3691	has_ability	play instrument
user3692	has_hobby	working out
user3692	like_sports	basketball
user3692	like_watching	sport
user3693	like_food	fish
user3693	other	democrat
user3693	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user3693	misc_attribute	confident
user3694	like_general	superfans
user3694	have_vehicle	toyota
user3694	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user3694	like_drink	pepsi
user3695	misc_attribute	confident
user3695	job_status	unemployed
user3695	attend_school	university
user3695	want	botos
user3696	like_general	my family
user3696	like_music	jazz
user3696	have_pet	3 dog
user3696	like_activity	bingo
user3697	like_food	burrito
user3697	like_general	being a guy
user3697	like_movie	shows
user3697	like_activity	hiking
user3698	has_age	20
user3698	has_hobby	1 reading
user3698	school_status	student
user3698	employed_by_general	hospital
user3699	has_profession	waiter
user3699	has_hobby	jogging
user3699	has_ability	donor
user3699	have	boyfriend
user3700	have_chidren	2 children
user3700	other	colour blind
user3700	has_ability	3 speak language
user3700	favorite_music_artist	rush
user3700	job_status	seeking employment
user3701	other	catholic
user3701	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user3701	job_status	employed
user3701	other	vegetarian
user3702	school_status	student
user3702	have_sibling	brother
user3702	place_origin	france
user3702	like_sports	soccer
user3703	has_ability	karate
user3703	like_food	shrimp
user3703	has_ability	play instrument
user3703	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user3704	has_profession	marketing
user3704	want	spouse
user3704	have_family	no sibling
user3704	physical_attribute	well put together
user3705	want	love
user3705	have_sibling	8 children
user3705	have	friends
user3705	has_profession	retailer
user3706	misc_attribute	insecure
user3706	want	corvette
user3706	other	<blank>
user3706	other	hungry
user3707	like_activity	video games
user3707	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user3707	have	medication
user3707	has_hobby	running
user3707	like_activity	swimming
user3708	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user3708	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user3708	like_general	going to bed late
user3708	has_age	29
user3708	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user3709	other	vegetarian
user3709	job_status	employed
user3709	have_sibling	sister
user3709	have_pet	4 cat
user3710	misc_attribute	anxious
user3710	like_sports	football
user3710	attend_school	alabama university
user3710	have	girlfriend
user3710	dislike	alcohol
user3711	like_general	gadgets
user3711	like_general	babies
user3711	like_activity	drawing
user3711	like_activity	socialize
user3712	has_age	10
user3712	favorite_drink	orange juice
user3712	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user3712	like_sports	water ski
user3713	have_pet	3 dog
user3713	like_general	my family
user3713	like_music	jazz
user3713	like_activity	bingo
user3714	like_music	classical
user3714	have_family	<blank>
user3714	want	be an animal
user3714	dislike	regular life
user3715	want_job	musician
user3715	marital_status	married
user3715	job_status	employed
user3715	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user3715	has_profession	factory worker
user3716	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user3716	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user3716	favorite_food	jello
user3716	like_activity	card game
user3716	have_pet	4 pet
user3717	attend_school	high school
user3717	like_watching	disney movies
user3717	member_of	dance team
user3718	have_chidren	4 children
user3718	like_food	ice cream
user3718	marital_status	married
user3718	have_chidren	children
user3719	like_goto	cinema
user3719	own	cape
user3719	like_activity	it
user3720	misc_attribute	intelligent
user3720	own	wear contacts
user3720	like_general	place
user3720	has_profession	janitor
user3720	like_drink	whiskey
user3721	dislike	boss
user3721	misc_attribute	lose control
user3721	has_profession	manager
user3721	like_music	bob marley
user3722	attend_school	preschool
user3722	favorite_animal	zebra
user3722	like_activity	outdoors
user3722	like_activity	dance
user3722	gender	female
user3723	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user3723	like_general	attention
user3723	misc_attribute	clown
user3723	like_general	close friends
user3724	favorite	hamilton
user3724	has_hobby	tennis
user3724	like_general	red
user3724	favorite_food	hamburger
user3724	has_profession	accountant
user3725	attend_school	high school
user3725	have_family	mother
user3725	like_sports	hockey
user3726	marital_status	married
user3726	has_hobby	traveling
user3726	favorite_book	the bible
user3726	gender	male
user3727	like_music	one direction
user3727	want_job	athlete
user3727	attend_school	elementary school
user3727	favorite_food	spaghetti
user3728	attend_school	miami university
user3728	has_profession	baseball player
user3728	job_status	employed
user3728	has_profession	baseball player
user3728	have_chidren	3 children
user3729	like_activity	reading
user3729	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user3729	has_hobby	found blogs
user3729	has_hobby	writing
user3729	have	thoughts
user3730	like_goto	nail salon
user3730	like_goto	cafe
user3730	employed_by_general	lawyer
user3731	like_animal	animals
user3731	like_activity	dancing
user3731	other	vegan
user3731	like_music	country
user3731	own	farm
user3732	want_job	veterinarian
user3732	other	dieting
user3732	like_goto	gym
user3732	have_pet	3 pets
user3732	like_animal	<blank>
user3733	live_in_general	suburbs
user3733	<blank>	<blank>
user3733	school_status	graduated
user3733	has_profession	teacher
user3733	have_chidren	3 children
user3734	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user3734	like_food	insect
user3734	like_read	twilight
user3734	has_hobby	surfing
user3735	place_origin	small town
user3735	previous_profession	actor
user3735	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user3735	has_profession	comedian
user3736	have_sibling	sister
user3736	have_pet	dog
user3736	like_read	pride and prejudice
user3736	favorite	school subject
user3736	like_sports	soccer
user3737	like_activity	painting
user3737	dislike	fish
user3737	have_pet	23 cat
user3737	has_hobby	traveling
user3737	other	vegan
user3738	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user3738	has_profession	waitress
user3738	dislike	fashion
user3739	misc_attribute	quick
user3739	like_general	food trucks
user3739	own	car
user3739	physical_attribute	not a blond
user3739	have_sibling	brother
user3740	like_activity	singing
user3740	like_movie	magic mike
user3740	like_activity	video games
user3740	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3740	has_profession	teacher
user3741	like_general	bartolo colon
user3741	have	nickname
user3741	other	have never ate candy
user3741	job_status	employed
user3741	like_watching	anime
user3742	like_music	frank sinatra
user3742	gender	female
user3742	like_activity	cooking
user3742	like_food	cheese
user3743	own	personal religion
user3743	other	believe in ghosts
user3743	have_vehicle	convertible
user3743	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user3744	misc_attribute	romantic
user3744	dislike	school
user3744	physical_attribute	average american youth
user3744	live_in_general	on lake
user3745	has_hobby	cooking
user3745	employed_by_general	restaurant
user3745	have_pet	1 dog
user3746	like_music	folk
user3746	has_hobby	whittling
user3746	employed_by_general	navy
user3746	other	orphan
user3746	has_degree	communications
user3747	have	allergy
user3747	like_drink	chocolate
user3747	own	iphone 7
user3748	like_activity	shopping
user3748	gender	female
user3748	have	never
user3748	want_do	go to europe
user3748	like_activity	dancing
user3749	employed_by_general	vet
user3749	have_pet	3 dog
user3749	have_chidren	2 children
user3749	marital_status	married
user3749	like_general	flowers
user3750	like_goto	beach
user3750	nationality	united states
user3750	like_food	pizza
user3750	like_read	mystery
user3751	like_music	rap
user3751	favorite	california love
user3751	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user3751	have_vehicle	car
user3751	have_vehicle	car
user3752	have_chidren	child
user3752	dislike	running
user3752	has_hobby	snowboarding
user3753	attend_school	university
user3753	live_in_general	small town
user3753	like_activity	shopping
user3754	want_do	change the world
user3754	employed_by_general	factory
user3754	has_hobby	volunteer
user3754	misc_attribute	punctual
user3755	want_do	<blank>
user3755	other	vegetarian
user3755	dislike	animals in general
user3755	live_in_general	pig farm
user3756	dislike	dad
user3756	has_profession	programmer
user3756	place_origin	spain
user3756	like_general	cardigans
user3756	have_family	step dad
user3757	want	to adopt a dog
user3757	has_hobby	play
user3757	like_food	indian cuisine
user3757	has_ability	play instrument
user3758	like_general	strangers
user3758	has_ability	throwing parties
user3758	favorite_animal	monkey
user3758	want_do	<blank>
user3759	like_music	death metal
user3759	live_in_general	a home
user3759	attend_school	university
user3760	dislike	small talk
user3760	misc_attribute	literal
user3760	misc_attribute	aspergers
user3760	job_status	employed
user3761	has_profession	lawyer
user3761	favorite_food	steak
user3761	marital_status	divorced
user3761	favorite_place	new york
user3761	like_activity	running
user3762	other	epileptic
user3762	have_chidren	1 son
user3762	like_activity	swimming
user3762	like_read	<blank>
user3763	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user3763	other	allergic to shellfish
user3763	like_sports	equestrian
user3764	dislike	losing
user3764	like_activity	fishing
user3764	favorite_season	spring
user3765	has_hobby	drawing
user3765	employed_by_general	club
user3765	like_watching	scobby doo
user3765	like_drink	soda
user3765	employed_by_general	grocery store
user3766	have_chidren	1 daughter
user3766	has_profession	surgeon
user3767	favorite_drink	beer coors
user3767	like_sports	basketball
user3767	has_profession	car sales
user3768	have	10 piercings
user3768	favorite_food	italian
user3768	misc_attribute	friendly
user3768	like_activity	driving
user3768	<blank>	smoking
user3769	has_profession	teacher
user3769	like_read	<blank>
user3769	have	no television
user3770	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user3770	has_profession	retailer
user3770	has_ability	cooking
user3770	have_chidren	daughter
user3770	dislike	the taste of cheese
user3771	dislike	evil
user3771	misc_attribute	religious
user3771	misc_attribute	religious
user3771	misc_attribute	weak
user3772	misc_attribute	smart
user3772	misc_attribute	healthy
user3772	member_of	other club
user3772	attend_school	high school
user3772	misc_attribute	social
user3773	like_music	bob marley
user3773	has_profession	manager
user3773	dislike	boss
user3773	misc_attribute	lose control
user3774	like_general	rain
user3774	have	single bed
user3774	have_vehicle	van
user3774	like_general	winter
user3775	physical_attribute	short
user3775	have	problems
user3775	other	eat out for food
user3775	physical_attribute	glasses
user3776	like_activity	reading
user3776	marital_status	married
user3776	favorite_place	beach
user3776	has_profession	teacher
user3777	has_hobby	dancing
user3777	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user3777	marital_status	engaged
user3777	physical_attribute	red hair
user3778	like_activity	shopping
user3778	like_goto	outdoors
user3778	school_status	student
user3778	place_origin	california
user3779	place_origin	nevada
user3779	other	orphan
user3779	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user3779	like_animal	dog
user3779	previous_profession	pilot
user3780	have_pet	dog
user3780	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user3780	misc_attribute	popular
user3781	own	salon
user3781	live_in_general	boat
user3781	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user3781	marital_status	married
user3782	like_read	twilight
user3782	has_hobby	surfing
user3782	want_do	eat: insect
user3782	like_music	jason mraz
user3783	employed_by_general	restaurant
user3783	has_hobby	cooking
user3784	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user3784	has_profession	teacher
user3784	like_music	metal
user3784	have_chidren	2 son
user3784	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user3785	misc_attribute	smart
user3785	like_general	sunny day
user3785	like_general	winning
user3785	misc_attribute	not obligated
user3786	dislike	cleaning
user3786	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user3786	has_profession	finance
user3786	like_general	blue
user3786	has_hobby	painting
user3787	like_drink	expensive wine
user3787	have_pet	dog
user3787	job_status	unemployed
user3787	like_activity	getting nails done
user3788	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user3788	favorite_music_artist	muse
user3788	like_food	food with no animal product
user3788	employed_by_company	walmart
user3789	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user3789	job_status	employed
user3789	like_activity	painting
user3789	place_origin	london
user3790	gender	female
user3790	have	laugh
user3790	marital_status	single
user3790	employed_by_general	publishing building
user3791	favorite_food	pizza
user3791	like_general	being myself
user3791	has_hobby	walking
user3791	like_music	dream theater
user3792	other	buddhist
user3792	place_origin	seattle
user3792	has_profession	public relations
user3792	other	vegan
user3793	like_food	ice cream
user3793	has_age	50
user3793	have_chidren	4 children
user3793	have_chidren	children
user3793	marital_status	married
user3794	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user3794	other	hindu
user3794	attend_school	graduate school
user3795	like_general	blue
user3795	has_profession	salesman
user3795	like_activity	cycling
user3795	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user3796	favorite_sport	basketball
user3796	has_hobby	running
user3796	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user3796	has_hobby	running
user3797	has_ability	drive
user3797	favorite_color	purple
user3797	job_status	seeking employment
user3797	dislike	science
user3798	like_activity	gardening
user3798	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user3798	have_chidren	1 child
user3798	have_pet	2 dog
user3799	like_general	ford trucks
user3799	like_general	cars
user3799	have_vehicle	truck
user3799	have_vehicle	ford
user3800	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3800	like_goto	italy
user3800	like_food	italian cuisine
user3800	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3800	has_hobby	yoga
user3801	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user3801	have	started a fire
user3801	own	an edged weapon
user3801	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user3801	has_ability	speak language
user3802	has_ability	speak language
user3802	dislike	subtitles
user3802	want_do	save money
user3803	other	no accent
user3803	attend_school	high school
user3803	attend_school	university
user3803	own	motorcycle
user3804	has_profession	semi trucks
user3804	marital_status	married
user3804	want_do	vacation
user3805	like_music	elvis
user3805	like_general	the color blue
user3805	physical_attribute	blue hair
user3805	own	blue shoes
user3805	have_vehicle	car
user3806	physical_attribute	curly
user3806	like_general	crystals
user3806	misc_attribute	independent
user3806	favorite_food	onion
user3806	like_activity	gardening
user3807	like_sports	archery
user3807	like_activity	shopping
user3807	like_general	remodelling homes
user3807	favorite	halloween
user3807	like_activity	hunting
user3808	favorite_season	summer
user3808	like_general	impala
user3808	like_music	classic
user3808	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user3809	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3809	like_activity	football
user3809	other	christian
user3809	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user3810	has_profession	teacher
user3810	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user3810	like_music	metal
user3810	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user3811	like_music	smooth jazz
user3811	have_pet	dog
user3811	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3811	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user3812	<blank>	<blank>
user3812	like_animal	dog
user3812	like_activity	cooking
user3813	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user3813	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user3813	want_job	teacher
user3813	misc_attribute	friendly
user3813	has_hobby	kayaking
user3814	has_ability	sing
user3814	has_ability	unclear
user3814	other	was accepted to participate
user3814	misc_attribute	shy
user3814	misc_attribute	shy
user3815	has_ability	play instrument
user3815	want_do	skydiving
user3815	misc_attribute	helpful
user3815	have_sibling	twin brother
user3816	misc_attribute	moral
user3816	has_hobby	fishing
user3817	marital_status	single
user3817	has_profession	graphic designer
user3817	like_activity	painting
user3817	like_activity	walks on the beach
user3818	has_hobby	writing
user3818	like_activity	video games
user3818	favorite_music	pop
user3818	employed_by_general	hotel
user3819	other	name is kevin
user3819	want_job	software engineer
user3819	has_ability	play instrument
user3819	school_status	student
user3820	has_hobby	yoga
user3820	other	vegan
user3820	have	an online business
user3820	has_profession	marketing
user3821	like_food	chocolate
user3821	have_sibling	twin sister
user3821	has_profession	teacher
user3821	has_hobby	yoga
user3821	like_drink	coffee
user3822	like_activity	cooking
user3822	have_pet	cat
user3823	has_hobby	fashion
user3823	favorite_book	the bible
user3823	like_goto	craft shows
user3823	has_profession	barista
user3823	live_in_general	apartment
user3824	has_degree	american literature and education
user3824	school_status	graduated
user3824	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3824	has_hobby	hiking
user3825	like_watching	drama
user3825	job_status	seeking employment
user3825	like_music	yo gotti
user3826	misc_attribute	anxious
user3826	have_family	1 father
user3826	live_in_general	"parents house"
user3826	have_pet	cat
user3826	has_profession	editing
user3827	have_pet	cat
user3827	has_profession	editing
user3827	live_in_general	"parents house"
user3827	misc_attribute	anxious
user3828	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user3828	have_pet	cat
user3828	has_age	21
user3828	school_status	student
user3828	favorite	rose
user3829	live_in_general	city
user3829	attend_school	university
user3829	employed_by_general	bank
user3830	like_activity	reading
user3830	like_sports	football
user3830	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user3831	place_origin	france
user3831	other	vegan
user3831	school_status	student
user3831	like_activity	drawing
user3831	favorite_food	taco
user3832	other	bankrupt
user3832	other	rich
user3832	previous_profession	casino owner
user3832	has_profession	president
user3832	own	casino
user3833	employed_by_general	diner
user3833	own	cupcake business
user3833	has_ability	to be late
user3833	have	roommate
user3833	like_activity	singing
user3834	have_chidren	2 children
user3834	like_general	summer
user3834	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user3834	like_food	mexican cuisine
user3835	marital_status	engaged
user3835	job_status	employed
user3835	has_hobby	baseball
user3835	like_watching	south park
user3836	has_profession	legal assistant
user3836	like_read	female authors
user3836	like_general	activist work
user3836	like_watching	news
user3836	like_general	activism
user3837	like_general	cartoons
user3837	live_in_general	away from parents
user3837	like_goto	water
user3837	like_general	audiobookms
user3837	have_family	mother
user3838	favorite_color	purple
user3838	like_animal	dog
user3838	like_sports	swimming
user3838	own	home
user3838	favorite_music_artist	worn
user3839	dislike	spiders
user3839	have_pet	dog
user3839	has_profession	computer technician
user3839	own	black clothes
user3839	like_drink	chai tea
user3840	favorite_food	shrimp
user3840	like_activity	watching videos
user3840	have_pet	dog
user3840	favorite	third-party softtware
user3841	have_chidren	5 children
user3841	like_activity	drawing
user3841	like_general	gadgets
user3841	like_activity	socialize
user3841	like_general	babies
user3842	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user3842	want_job	teacher
user3842	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user3842	has_hobby	kayaking
user3842	misc_attribute	friendly
user3843	favorite_color	purple
user3843	not_have	child
user3843	not_have	car
user3843	has_hobby	listens
user3843	live_in_general	park
user3844	has_profession	travel agent
user3844	like_activity	working out
user3844	favorite_place	jamaica
user3844	like_activity	traveling
user3845	like_watching	sport
user3845	has_hobby	singing
user3845	like_activity	napping
user3846	has_profession	photographer
user3846	like_animal	dog
user3846	have	tattoos
user3846	have_pet	dog
user3847	want_do	vacation
user3847	marital_status	married
user3847	has_profession	semi trucks
user3848	like_food	italian
user3848	has_hobby	yoga
user3848	employed_by_general	<blank>
user3848	like_goto	italy
user3848	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user3849	have_family	mother
user3849	has_profession	paramedic
user3849	like_activity	fishing
user3849	marital_status	single
user3850	like_goto	cinema
user3850	have	hobbies
user3851	other	vegetarian
user3851	school_status	graduated
user3851	like_activity	shopping
user3852	favorite_food	chicken
user3852	like_music	metallica
user3852	like_read	autobiographies
user3852	like_goto	gym
user3853	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user3853	have_family	father
user3853	school_status	student
user3853	like_food	cakes
user3853	have_sibling	1 sister
user3854	employed_by_company	navy
user3854	physical_attribute	tall
user3854	like_read	<blank>
user3854	favorite_show	the voice
user3855	has_profession	manager
user3855	misc_attribute	lose control
user3855	like_music	bob marley
user3856	favorite_color	grey
user3856	like_activity	yoga
user3856	marital_status	single
user3856	like_activity	writing
user3856	employed_by_general	newspaper
user3857	like_music	classic
user3857	like_activity	fishing
user3857	like_general	impala
user3857	favorite_season	summer
user3857	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user3858	gender	male
user3858	like_activity	painting
user3858	like_food	pizza
user3858	favorite_music_artist	ween
user3858	like_activity	gardening
user3859	have_family	grandmother
user3859	marital_status	divorced
user3859	has_profession	bowler
user3859	have_chidren	2 children
user3859	job_status	employed
user3860	school_status	failing
user3860	have_vehicle	honda
user3860	job_status	employed
user3860	dislike	left turns
user3860	have_sibling	4 sibling
user3861	physical_attribute	olive
user3861	have	green eyes
user3861	own	purse
user3861	other	wear glasses
user3862	other	name is gerald
user3862	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user3862	like_sports	basketball
user3862	favorite_color	green
user3862	like_music	rock
user3863	marital_status	single
user3863	like_activity	painting
user3863	favorite_season	spring
user3863	like_activity	walks on the beach
user3864	marital_status	married
user3864	favorite_music	hip hop
user3864	has_profession	veterinarian
user3864	other	vegetarian
user3865	have_pet	3 dog
user3865	teach	kids
user3865	like_general	religion
user3865	have	personal trainer
user3865	like_sports	bicycling
user3866	dislike	basketball
user3866	dislike	vegetables
user3866	like_sports	badminton
user3866	misc_attribute	helpful
user3867	has_profession	librarian
user3867	like_activity	reading
user3867	have_pet	2 cat
user3867	have_pet	cat
user3868	attend_school	miami university
user3868	has_profession	baseball player
user3868	marital_status	married
user3868	has_profession	baseball player
user3869	have	won lottery
user3869	has_hobby	painting
user3869	has_hobby	painting
user3870	like_general	christmas
user3870	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user3870	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user3870	have_chidren	daughter
user3870	want	magic was real
user3871	favorite_drink	beer coors
user3871	like_sports	basketball
user3871	own	acara
user3872	like_general	tall men
user3872	has_hobby	running
user3872	physical_attribute	red hair
user3872	have_pet	2 dog
user3872	has_hobby	cooking
user3873	has_ability	0 run very fast
user3873	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user3873	favorite_drink	coffee
user3873	have_vehicle	car
user3874	live_in_general	city
user3874	misc_attribute	helpful
user3874	other	walking
user3874	like_goto	market
user3875	favorite	hamilton
user3875	has_hobby	tennis
user3875	has_profession	accountant
user3875	favorite_food	hamburger
user3876	like_activity	praying
user3876	like_activity	working out
user3876	like_general	building apps
user3876	like_general	people
user3877	attend_school	high school
user3877	have_family	mother
user3877	has_hobby	travel
user3877	like_sports	hockey
user3878	other	free spirit
user3878	like_activity	survivalism
user3878	like_general	family and fun
user3879	like_activity	fishing
user3879	favorite_food	hamburger
user3879	has_profession	mechanic
user3879	live_in_general	alone
user3879	has_hobby	watching television
user3880	favorite_color	yellow
user3880	have	boyfriend
user3880	has_ability	play instrument
user3880	physical_attribute	short hair
user3881	other	big family
user3881	school_status	graduated
user3881	place_origin	outside the us
user3881	want	weather
user3882	favorite	toyota cars
user3882	dislike	overtime
user3882	like_general	vote
user3882	want	truck
user3883	have	6 siblings
user3883	have_family	mother
user3883	other	adopted
user3883	dislike	future
user3884	physical_attribute	buff
user3884	has_hobby	working out
user3884	has_hobby	weight lifting
user3884	has_profession	athlete
user3885	own	casino
user3885	previous_profession	casino owner
user3885	other	bankrupt
user3885	has_profession	president
user3886	job_status	employed
user3886	like_activity	drawing and painting
user3886	own	house
user3886	like_general	blue
user3886	have_vehicle	car
user3887	have_chidren	1 child
user3887	favorite_drink	red wine
user3887	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user3887	like_activity	gardening
user3888	employed_by_company	amazon
user3888	other	conservative
user3888	favorite_activity	robotics
user3888	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user3889	has_profession	accountant
user3889	like_goto	the lake
user3889	have_pet	3 dog
user3889	like_read	horror
user3889	like_general	blue
user3890	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user3890	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user3890	like_read	crime
user3891	has_degree	statistics
user3891	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user3891	has_ability	card countin
user3891	have_chidren	3 children
user3892	has_hobby	fencing
user3892	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user3892	favorite_hobby	chess
user3892	have	pink hair
user3892	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user3893	like_general	art
user3893	have	severe anxiety disorder
user3893	have_chidren	children
user3894	want_job	animator
user3894	has_profession	graphic designer
user3894	like_music	classical
user3894	has_profession	designer
user3894	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user3895	have	vacation home
user3895	has_degree	law
user3895	have_vehicle	suv
user3895	have_pet	3 dog
user3896	like_animal	butterfly
user3896	like_activity	being weird
user3896	like_general	my little pony
user3896	like_watching	anime
user3896	like_animal	cat
user3897	has_profession	veterinarian
user3897	has_age	30
user3897	have_pet	3 dog
user3897	like_sports	cycling
user3897	other	vegan
user3898	have_family	mother
user3898	school_status	graduated
user3899	have_family	mother
user3899	have_family	grandmother
user3899	school_status	graduated
user3900	have	brown belt
user3900	has_hobby	singing
user3900	have_family	grandmother
user3901	favorite_color	green
user3901	like_activity	swimming
user3902	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user3902	have_family	adopted
user3902	have_family	only child
user3902	other	"dont believe in love"
user3903	other	six months to live
user3903	like_food	fried
user3903	other	allergic to lactose
user3904	have	1 new house
user3904	has_ability	brewing
user3904	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user3904	other	gay
user3904	like_activity	making coffee
user3905	like_read	crime
user3905	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user3905	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user3906	has_profession	baseball player
user3906	attend_school	miami university
user3906	has_profession	baseball player
user3906	marital_status	married
user3907	school_status	dropped out
user3907	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user3907	has_ability	play instrument
user3907	employed_by_general	deli
user3908	has_profession	athlete
user3908	like_music	all american rejecs
user3908	has_ability	run marathons
user3908	have_pet	3 dog
user3908	dislike	sweet potatoes
user3909	has_profession	travel agent
user3909	like_activity	working out
user3909	favorite_place	jamaica
user3910	school_status	student
user3910	like_general	red
user3910	have_family	only child
user3911	have_sibling	4 sibling
user3912	favorite	bob ross
user3912	has_hobby	hiking
user3912	other	vegan
user3912	has_profession	accountant
user3913	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user3913	have	local theater gig
user3913	previous_profession	actor
user3913	has_profession	comedian
user3914	has_ability	play instrument
user3914	like_food	chocolate
user3914	dislike	singing
user3914	want_do	have kids
user3914	place_origin	georgia
user3915	misc_attribute	smart
user3915	like_general	sunny day
user3915	like_drink	coffee
user3915	misc_attribute	not obligated
user3916	have	many girlfriends
user3916	like_general	boots
user3916	like_food	beef
user3916	has_hobby	horseback riding
user3917	has_profession	teacher
user3917	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user3917	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user3917	have_chidren	2 son
user3917	like_music	metal
user3918	has_profession	technician
user3918	like_read	history
user3918	like_sports	softball
user3919	want_do	move
user3919	like_watching	reality tv
user3919	previous_profession	farmer
user3919	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user3919	previous_profession	farmer
user3920	like_goto	national parks
user3920	has_ability	play instrument
user3920	have	husband
user3920	has_profession	nurse
user3920	marital_status	married
user3921	like_activity	talking on the phone
user3921	has_ability	1 speak language
user3921	like_activity	gambling
user3921	like_food	vegetables
user3922	like_activity	hunting
user3922	dislike	seafood
user3922	like_general	blue
user3923	like_general	the library
user3923	want	be alone
user3923	dislike	trying new things
user3923	like_activity	competition
user3924	like_food	sushi
user3924	own	car
user3924	gender	female
user3924	like_animal	dog
user3924	like_general	blue
user3925	has_hobby	running
user3925	have_pet	2 dog
user3925	like_general	tall men
user3925	physical_attribute	red hair
user3926	has_profession	nurse
user3926	like_music	the rolling stones
user3926	other	mother
user3926	like_activity	reading
user3927	favorite_movie	good burger
user3927	other	carnivore
user3927	like_activity	whittling
user3927	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user3927	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user3928	like_food	pumpkins
user3928	favorite_food	shrimp
user3928	favorite	third-party softtware
user3928	like_activity	watching videos
user3929	employed_by_general	laboratory
user3929	other	vegan
user3929	have_sibling	2 brother
user3929	like_activity	sleeping in
user3929	misc_attribute	romantic
user3930	like_food	non-gmo
user3930	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user3930	like_general	cold weather
user3930	like_general	clothes
user3930	has_profession	cashier
user3931	other	sarah
user3931	has_hobby	reading
user3931	has_profession	teacher
user3931	has_hobby	watching television
user3932	has_profession	basketball player
user3932	has_profession	athlete
user3932	has_profession	basketball player
user3932	attend_school	university of north carolina
user3932	has_hobby	basketball
user3933	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user3933	like_animal	dog
user3933	have_pet	2 dog
user3933	have_pet	2 dog
user3934	favorite	number is 7
user3934	other	deaf man
user3934	dislike	driving
user3934	like_activity	reading
user3934	like_general	scratching
user3935	physical_attribute	overweight
user3935	physical_attribute	tall
user3935	has_profession	designer
user3935	like_activity	larp
user3935	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user3936	has_ability	play instrument
user3936	has_hobby	vacation
user3936	has_ability	karate
user3936	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user3937	has_hobby	kayaking
user3937	misc_attribute	friendly
user3937	want_job	teacher
user3937	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user3938	attend_school	university of north carolina
user3938	has_profession	basketball player
user3938	has_hobby	basketball
user3938	has_profession	athlete
user3938	has_profession	basketball player
user3939	has_age	4
user3939	have_family	father
user3939	have	princess bed
user3939	like_activity	playing outside
user3940	has_profession	retailer
user3940	dislike	the taste of cheese
user3940	has_ability	cooking
user3940	have_chidren	daughter
user3940	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user3941	school_status	student
user3941	have	friends
user3941	physical_attribute	athletic
user3941	misc_attribute	distrustful
user3942	like_activity	dance
user3942	attend_school	high school
user3942	like_watching	disney movies
user3942	member_of	dance team
user3943	school_status	student
user3943	misc_attribute	night owl
user3943	want_job	company owner
user3943	like_activity	programming
user3944	job_status	employed
user3944	physical_attribute	colorblind
user3944	other	volunteer firefighter.
user3944	has_age	30
user3944	has_degree	marketing
user3945	misc_attribute	social
user3945	attend_school	university
user3945	has_hobby	exercise
user3945	like_sports	football
user3946	like_music	rap
user3946	live_in_general	farm
user3946	have	beard
user3946	school_status	graduated
user3946	own	truck
user3947	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user3947	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user3947	attend_school	graduate school
user3947	like_read	crime
user3948	dislike	evil
user3948	misc_attribute	religious
user3948	misc_attribute	religious
user3948	misc_attribute	weak
user3949	has_hobby	whittling
user3949	other	orphan
user3949	like_music	folk
user3949	employed_by_general	navy
user3949	has_degree	communications
user3950	employed_by_general	hospital
user3950	has_profession	doctor
user3950	live_in_general	large home
user3950	has_hobby	boating
user3951	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user3951	misc_attribute	aspiring
user3951	like_food	1 restaurant
user3951	misc_attribute	polite
user3952	school_status	student
user3952	school_status	student
user3952	want_do	raise hell
user3952	has_age	17
user3953	have_vehicle	car
user3953	have_pet	cat
user3953	has_ability	make videos
user3953	has_profession	youtuber
user3954	other	vegan
user3954	member_of	church
user3954	misc_attribute	ocd
user3954	teach	children
user3955	like_sports	running
user3955	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user3955	has_profession	accountant
user3955	have_vehicle	car
user3956	misc_attribute	religious
user3956	has_profession	fitness guru
user3956	has_age	53
user3956	misc_attribute	carefree
user3956	has_profession	salesman
user3957	like_activity	donate time
user3957	employed_by_company	facebook
user3957	have_pet	2 dog
user3957	has_profession	programmer
user3957	job_status	employed
user3958	other	parents in the military
user3958	have_pet	2 dog
user3958	has_profession	pilot
user3959	attend_school	university
user3959	want_job	teacher
user3959	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user3960	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user3960	other	puerto rican / chinese
user3960	like_music	blues
user3960	has_ability	2 speak language
user3960	like_general	prince
user3961	other	hippie
user3961	have_vehicle	van
user3961	like_activity	recycling
user3961	have	2 tattoos
user3962	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user3962	employed_by_general	gas station
user3962	like_goto	grocery store
user3962	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user3962	has_profession	salesman
user3963	misc_attribute	lively
user3963	have	3 thumbs
user3963	has_ability	fast typer
user3963	misc_attribute	skeptical
user3964	want_job	astronaut
user3964	favorite	penn and teller
user3964	like_food	lasagna
user3964	have_vehicle	car
user3964	have_pet	2 dog
user3965	physical_attribute	red hair
user3965	other	hippie
user3965	have_vehicle	van
user3965	have	2 tattoos
user3966	own	black car
user3966	like_music	rap
user3966	has_profession	finance
user3966	favorite_food	steak
user3966	like_food	meat
user3967	own	wear contacts
user3967	like_general	place
user3967	like_drink	whiskey
user3967	misc_attribute	intelligent
user3968	has_age	43
user3968	physical_attribute	tattooed
user3968	has_profession	truck driver
user3968	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user3969	other	allergies
user3969	dislike	beach
user3969	favorite_animal	zebra
user3969	has_profession	writer
user3970	has_profession	babysitter
user3970	like_activity	riding the bus
user3970	not_have	money
user3970	job_status	unemployed
user3971	want_job	aide
user3971	like_music	pink
user3971	job_status	employed
user3971	like_drink	coffee
user3972	have_pet	3 cat
user3972	have_vehicle	honda
user3972	misc_attribute	funny
user3972	has_profession	package delivery
user3973	physical_attribute	6 tall
user3973	like_goto	paris
user3973	favorite	auto
user3973	like_goto	opera
user3974	has_hobby	dancing
user3974	job_status	unemployed
user3974	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user3974	marital_status	engaged
user3974	physical_attribute	red hair
user3975	favorite_color	purple
user3975	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user3975	own	home
user3975	like_animal	dog
user3976	attend_school	high school
user3976	physical_attribute	blonde
user3976	like_activity	skateboarding
user3976	gender	female
user3977	like_general	explosions
user3977	like_food	brownies
user3977	employed_by_company	military
user3977	like_activity	traveling
user3977	like_animal	cat
user3978	have_sibling	sibling
user3978	employed_by_general	a local party store
user3978	favorite	christmas
user3978	other	adopted
user3978	have	birth mother
user3979	like_activity	watching television
user3979	favorite_show	game of thrones
user3979	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user3979	like_activity	cosplay
user3980	own	mansion
user3980	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user3980	has_ability	play instrument
user3980	have_vehicle	ferrari
user3980	has_profession	rapper
user3981	like_food	macaroni
user3981	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user3981	has_profession	car maker
user3981	have	money
user3981	like_sports	water ski
user3982	has_age	43
user3982	has_profession	truck driver
user3982	physical_attribute	tattooed
user3982	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user3982	has_hobby	traveling
user3983	have	money
user3983	has_hobby	gambling
user3983	like_activity	playing the lottery
user3983	previous_profession	telemarketer
user3984	have_vehicle	lexus
user3984	favorite_hobby	dancing
user3984	dislike	math
user3984	have_pet	dog
user3985	other	am a student
user3985	want_job	musician
user3986	want	ferret
user3986	other	allergies
user3986	have_family	mother
user3986	like_general	line drying clothing
user3986	has_hobby	blogging
user3987	like_general	ghost
user3987	like_music	80 s music
user3987	has_profession	wedding planner
user3987	favorite_color	yellow
user3988	have_chidren	2 children
user3988	has_hobby	baseball
user3988	has_profession	doctor
user3989	like_general	place
user3989	<blank>	<blank>
user3989	like_activity	building
user3989	like_activity	travel
user3990	own	company
user3990	have_chidren	1 child
user3990	other	70 salary
user3990	dislike	work
user3991	has_hobby	hiking
user3991	has_profession	cook
user3991	has_hobby	writing
user3991	like_general	grateful dead
user3992	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user3992	other	was on the news
user3992	have	passport
user3993	favorite_food	pizza
user3993	like_general	being myself
user3993	has_hobby	walking
user3993	like_music	dream theater
user3993	like_activity	reading
user3994	want_do	painting
user3994	attend_school	university
user3994	physical_attribute	blonde
user3994	like_activity	painting
user3995	like_general	color: pink
user3995	has_profession	yoga instruction
user3995	misc_attribute	distant
user3996	like_music	indie
user3996	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user3996	misc_attribute	picky
user3996	want_job	teacher
user3996	like_animal	dog
user3997	like_activity	shopping
user3997	other	am a couponer
user3997	want_job	artist
user3997	misc_attribute	organized
user3998	other	relative
user3998	job_status	seeking employment
user3998	physical_attribute	short
user3998	like_general	red
user3999	have_chidren	daughter
user3999	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user3999	has_profession	waiter
user3999	favorite	rose
user4000	like_general	family
user4000	marital_status	married
user4000	like_activity	traveling
user4000	like_activity	art projects
user4000	gender	female
user4001	has_profession	actor
user4001	has_hobby	filmmaking
user4001	has_profession	actor
user4001	previous_profession	actor
user4001	has_profession	actor
user4002	has_hobby	dancing
user4002	physical_attribute	blonde
user4002	has_hobby	volunteering
user4002	dislike	country
user4002	other	terrible speller
user4003	has_hobby	video games
user4003	marital_status	married
user4003	physical_attribute	buff
user4004	has_profession	0 clerk
user4004	physical_attribute	thin
user4004	place_origin	baltimore
user4005	have_pet	dog
user4005	like_activity	football
user4005	physical_attribute	beard
user4005	like_sports	cycling
user4006	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user4006	has_hobby	skiing
user4006	has_ability	ski racer
user4006	has_hobby	skiing
user4007	like_food	tuna fish
user4007	favorite_music	rock opera
user4007	like_food	gummy worms
user4007	physical_attribute	brunette
user4007	like_read	science fiction
user4008	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4008	have_pet	1 dog
user4008	has_profession	mechanic
user4008	like_sports	surfing
user4008	have_vehicle	car
user4009	has_profession	reality tv star
user4009	previous_profession	clown
user4009	like_music	country
user4009	like_sports	surfing
user4010	has_hobby	volunteering
user4010	other	terrible speller
user4010	physical_attribute	blonde
user4010	has_hobby	dancing
user4011	has_age	19
user4011	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user4011	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user4011	live_in_general	near celebrities
user4012	has_ability	visiting
user4012	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4013	like_music	perfect playlist
user4013	like_activity	basketball
user4013	have	phone
user4013	like_activity	shopping
user4013	like_general	the night
user4014	favorite_food	cheesecake
user4014	have_chidren	children
user4014	marital_status	married
user4014	own	money
user4015	like_food	meat
user4015	like_music	rap
user4015	has_hobby	weed
user4015	employed_by_general	it
user4016	school_status	graduated
user4016	has_profession	teacher
user4016	<blank>	<blank>
user4016	live_in_general	suburbs
user4017	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user4017	own	black purse
user4017	like_general	wearing black clothing
user4017	own	black car
user4018	have_chidren	1 son
user4018	like_animal	animals
user4018	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user4018	has_hobby	walking
user4019	job_status	employed
user4019	like_activity	cosplay
user4019	favorite_show	game of thrones
user4019	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user4019	like_activity	watching television
user4020	has_profession	yoga instruction
user4020	have_chidren	2 children
user4020	like_watching	western
user4021	have_pet	cat
user4021	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user4021	like_goto	starbucks
user4021	favorite_food	subway
user4021	like_goto	antique stores
user4022	like_drink	whiskey
user4022	misc_attribute	intelligent
user4022	like_general	place
user4022	own	wear contacts
user4022	has_profession	janitor
user4023	has_profession	police
user4023	like_sports	horseback riding
user4023	like_activity	scuba diving
user4023	place_origin	kansas
user4024	place_origin	san francisco
user4024	like_activity	travel
user4024	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user4024	like_animal	dog
user4024	have_sibling	1 sister
user4025	employed_by_general	hospital
user4025	like_general	vote
user4025	want	truck
user4025	dislike	overtime
user4025	favorite	toyota cars
user4026	marital_status	married
user4026	have_pet	3 dog
user4026	like_general	flowers
user4026	employed_by_general	vet
user4027	employed_by_general	army
user4027	has_profession	builder
user4027	have_vehicle	prius
user4027	physical_attribute	freckles
user4028	dislike	jokes
user4028	like_watching	the flintstones
user4028	like_general	simple jokes
user4029	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4029	like_food	italian
user4029	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4029	has_hobby	yoga
user4029	like_goto	italy
user4030	have_sibling	twin brother
user4030	has_ability	play instrument
user4030	misc_attribute	helpful
user4030	like_activity	gardening
user4031	attend_school	university
user4031	have	name
user4031	has_age	25
user4031	have_vehicle	ford
user4032	like_activity	cooking
user4032	favorite_color	green
user4032	like_activity	swimming
user4033	favorite	rose
user4033	has_profession	waiter
user4033	have_chidren	daughter
user4033	school_status	taking online classes
user4034	gender	male
user4034	have_pet	3 dog
user4034	live_in_general	wife and kids
user4034	own	farm
user4035	has_hobby	basketball
user4035	attend_school	university of north carolina
user4035	has_profession	athlete
user4035	has_profession	basketball player
user4036	like_music	rock
user4036	like_food	all
user4036	have_vehicle	car
user4036	employed_by_general	large company
user4037	favorite_hobby	dancing
user4037	have_vehicle	lexus
user4037	have_pet	dog
user4037	dislike	math
user4038	favorite_drink	sprite
user4038	have	sausage fingers
user4038	misc_attribute	funny
user4038	physical_attribute	full
user4038	has_ability	draw
user4039	favorite_color	green
user4039	has_ability	play instrument
user4039	like_read	history
user4039	has_profession	baseball player
user4040	employed_by_general	vet
user4040	have_chidren	2 children
user4040	have_pet	3 dog
user4040	marital_status	married
user4041	job_status	employed
user4041	like_music	pink
user4041	like_drink	coffee
user4041	want_job	aide
user4042	favorite_food	spaghetti
user4042	want_job	athlete
user4042	attend_school	elementary school
user4042	like_music	one direction
user4043	employed_by_company	<blank>
user4043	have_pet	dog
user4043	misc_attribute	educated
user4044	employed_by_company	target
user4044	like_goto	movie theater
user4044	have_pet	dog
user4044	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4045	like_food	candy
user4045	have	t-shirt and jeans
user4045	have	crush
user4045	has_hobby	skateboarding
user4046	school_status	graduate student
user4046	misc_attribute	always early
user4046	school_status	student
user4046	has_profession	volunteering
user4047	has_hobby	fishing
user4047	have_pet	dog
user4047	place_origin	tennessee
user4047	marital_status	married
user4047	like_music	charlie daniels
user4048	misc_attribute	dirty
user4048	have_pet	cat
user4048	like_activity	video games
user4048	own	suspenders
user4048	want	a real dragon
user4049	own	greenhouse
user4049	favorite_food	fruit
user4049	<blank>	<blank>
user4049	has_ability	composting
user4050	misc_attribute	lose control
user4050	has_profession	manager
user4050	dislike	boss
user4051	favorite_season	summer
user4051	want_job	doctor
user4051	like_food	taco
user4051	school_status	graduated
user4052	physical_attribute	going bald
user4052	like_general	jimmy fallon
user4052	dislike	flowers
user4052	has_ability	making clothing
user4053	has_profession	teacher
user4053	have_pet	2 dog
user4053	other	mother
user4054	have	a significant other
user4054	employed_by_general	daycare
user4054	attend_school	university
user4054	school_status	major in business administration
user4055	employed_by_general	distributor
user4055	like_music	taylor swift
user4055	have_chidren	toddler
user4055	marital_status	married
user4056	previous_profession	actor
user4056	has_profession	actor
user4056	has_hobby	filmmaking
user4056	has_profession	actor
user4057	like_activity	hunting
user4057	favorite	halloween
user4057	like_general	remodelling homes
user4057	like_sports	archery
user4057	like_activity	shopping
user4058	has_hobby	hunting
user4058	like_sports	basketball
user4058	like_activity	singing
user4058	have_chidren	children
user4059	other	hippie
user4059	like_activity	recycling
user4059	have_vehicle	van
user4059	physical_attribute	red hair
user4059	have	2 tattoos
user4060	misc_attribute	practical
user4060	dislike	bread
user4061	previous_profession	actor
user4061	has_profession	actor
user4061	has_hobby	filmmaking
user4061	has_profession	actor
user4062	like_activity	working out
user4062	like_sports	soccer
user4062	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user4062	favorite_food	healthy
user4063	like_food	honey
user4063	has_ability	throwing parties
user4063	favorite_animal	monkey
user4063	want_do	<blank>
user4064	<blank>	<blank>
user4064	like_activity	walking
user4064	like_activity	cooking
user4064	have_pet	reptile
user4065	own	purse
user4065	have	green eyes
user4065	want_job	librarian
user4065	physical_attribute	olive
user4066	attend_school	university
user4066	like_general	tool
user4066	employed_by_general	army
user4066	has_ability	fly airplane
user4067	like_sports	horseback riding
user4067	like_activity	scuba diving
user4067	place_origin	kansas
user4067	has_profession	police
user4067	have_chidren	3 daughter
user4068	have	boyfriend
user4068	physical_attribute	short hair
user4068	favorite_color	yellow
user4069	have_sibling	sister
user4069	want_do	schooling
user4069	like_watching	netflix
user4069	want_do	<blank>
user4069	want_do	learning
user4070	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user4070	has_profession	engineer
user4070	like_food	lobster
user4070	employed_by_company	google
user4070	employed_by_company	google
user4071	has_hobby	tennis
user4071	has_profession	accountant
user4071	favorite_food	hamburger
user4071	favorite	hamilton
user4072	misc_attribute	above average
user4072	like_activity	gossiping
user4072	dislike	kissing
user4072	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user4073	has_ability	ski racer
user4073	has_hobby	skiing
user4073	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user4073	has_hobby	skiing
user4074	has_hobby	baseball
user4074	has_profession	doctor
user4074	have_chidren	2 children
user4075	has_hobby	quilting
user4075	have_chidren	grandchildren
user4075	has_profession	pharmacist
user4075	like_music	classical
user4075	misc_attribute	wild
user4076	other	mother
user4076	has_profession	nurse
user4076	like_music	the rolling stones
user4076	like_activity	reading
user4076	favorite_food	mexican food
user4077	like_activity	running
user4077	like_food	cheesecake
user4077	favorite_movie	16 candles
user4077	job_status	employed
user4078	have_sibling	3 sibling
user4078	like_general	blue
user4078	like_activity	drawing
user4079	physical_attribute	hair is black
user4079	like_food	gluten free
user4079	has_profession	writer
user4079	like_activity	rock climbing
user4080	want	mermaid
user4080	like_drink	iced tea
user4080	have_sibling	4 sibling
user4080	dislike	heights
user4081	misc_attribute	responsible
user4081	job_status	unemployed
user4081	has_hobby	drinking
user4081	like_drink	any drinks
user4082	other	buddhist
user4082	has_profession	public relations
user4082	other	vegan
user4082	place_origin	seattle
user4083	like_activity	driving
user4083	like_read	<blank>
user4083	physical_attribute	tall
user4083	have	survived
user4084	like_activity	skateboarding
user4084	own	30 shoes
user4084	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user4084	like_general	<blank>
user4085	other	have never been on the west coast
user4085	like_activity	travel
user4085	other	was on the news
user4086	has_ability	writing a novel
user4086	favorite_color	black
user4086	dislike	pickle
user4086	favorite_show	rick and morty
user4086	own	iphone
user4087	place_origin	trailer park
user4087	have_chidren	3 children
user4087	like_food	wings
user4087	has_profession	truck driver
user4088	has_profession	accountant
user4088	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user4088	misc_attribute	colorful
user4088	have_pet	dog
user4089	like_animal	dog
user4089	like_general	baking
user4089	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user4089	like_activity	walking
user4089	like_watching	plays
user4090	has_ability	film making
user4090	like_activity	reenactment
user4090	has_ability	6 tv news
user4091	want	find easy ways to make money
user4091	like_general	technology
user4091	like_read	news
user4091	has_ability	website design
user4091	want_do	invest in stock market
user4092	like_sports	hockey
user4092	physical_attribute	asthma
user4092	physical_attribute	tall
user4092	like_activity	dance
user4093	like_activity	sleeping
user4093	like_music	bruno mars
user4093	attend_school	high school
user4093	has_hobby	cs and ds
user4093	like_food	sweets
user4094	like_sports	playing
user4094	like_general	spend time with family
user4094	has_degree	business
user4094	attend_school	university
user4095	like_food	tuna
user4095	have_pet	2 cat
user4095	like_activity	reading
user4095	has_profession	librarian
user4096	other	have never ate candy
user4096	like_watching	anime
user4096	job_status	employed
user4096	have	nickname
user4096	like_general	bartolo colon
user4097	like_activity	gardening
user4097	physical_attribute	curly
user4097	misc_attribute	independent
user4097	like_general	crystals
user4098	has_hobby	football
user4098	misc_attribute	determined
user4098	like_goto	league
user4098	has_hobby	football
user4099	attend_school	university
user4099	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4099	want_job	teacher
user4100	has_hobby	gambling
user4100	previous_profession	telemarketer
user4100	dislike	punching clocks
user4100	have	money
user4100	like_activity	playing the lottery
user4101	attend_school	university
user4101	have	name
user4101	has_ability	play instrument
user4101	has_age	25
user4102	like_watching	sport
user4102	has_hobby	yoga
user4102	want	be millionaire
user4102	like_sports	hockey
user4102	other	vegan
user4103	like_general	makeup
user4103	like_activity	working out
user4103	have	nice smile
user4103	misc_attribute	nice
user4104	have_pet	dog
user4104	own	bike
user4104	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user4104	like_drink	milk shakes
user4105	favorite_show	friends
user4105	favorite_food	sushi
user4105	have	timeshare
user4106	like_food	apple
user4106	dislike	meat
user4106	favorite_food	apple
user4106	like_food	fruit
user4106	like_food	apple
user4107	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4107	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4107	like_goto	italy
user4107	has_hobby	yoga
user4107	like_food	italian
user4108	like_activity	saving
user4108	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user4108	employed_by_general	bar
user4108	like_music	blues
user4109	like_food	beef
user4109	have_pet	dog
user4109	like_activity	video games
user4109	other	<blank>
user4110	own	farm
user4110	other	vegan
user4110	like_activity	dancing
user4110	like_music	country
user4111	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user4111	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user4111	like_read	twilight
user4111	like_food	insect
user4111	has_hobby	surfing
user4112	have_pet	dog
user4112	has_profession	teacher
user4112	like_music	pretenders
user4112	has_degree	bachelors
user4113	like_music	religious
user4113	like_sports	basketball
user4113	has_age	middle aged
user4113	like_general	family
user4113	dislike	talking
user4114	has_profession	actor
user4114	has_profession	actor
user4114	has_hobby	filmmaking
user4114	previous_profession	actor
user4114	has_profession	actor
user4115	like_music	frank sinatra
user4115	like_food	cheese
user4115	gender	female
user4115	like_activity	cooking
user4116	have_pet	3 cat
user4116	like_goto	foreign countries
user4116	like_activity	dancing
user4116	have_family	only child
user4116	physical_attribute	blonde
user4117	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user4117	want_job	journalist
user4117	has_ability	play instrument
user4117	have_pet	1 dog
user4118	have_chidren	children
user4118	has_profession	blogger
user4118	like_activity	shopping
user4118	has_hobby	cheerleading
user4119	live_in_general	near the ocean
user4119	dislike	red meat
user4119	physical_attribute	brunette
user4119	like_sports	surfing
user4120	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4120	like_food	spaghetti
user4120	favorite_activity	reading
user4120	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user4121	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user4121	has_profession	yoga instruction
user4121	like_movie	romantic comedy
user4121	like_activity	writing
user4122	own	suspenders
user4122	have_pet	cat
user4122	want	a real dragon
user4122	like_activity	video games
user4122	misc_attribute	dirty
user4123	physical_attribute	brunette
user4123	like_food	tuna fish
user4123	favorite_music	rock opera
user4124	job_status	unemployed
user4124	like_watching	sun rise
user4124	want_do	exercise
user4124	has_profession	<blank>
user4125	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user4125	has_profession	factory worker
user4125	job_status	employed
user4125	marital_status	married
user4126	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user4126	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user4126	like_activity	painting
user4126	job_status	employed
user4127	like_goto	broadway shows
user4127	like_sports	steelers
user4127	has_hobby	traveling
user4127	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user4128	have_family	mother
user4128	marital_status	single
user4128	has_profession	paramedic
user4128	like_activity	fishing
user4128	like_music	rap
user4129	has_hobby	youtube
user4129	like_watching	make up tutorials
user4129	have	50000 subcribers
user4129	attend_school	beauty classes
user4129	has_ability	apply make-up
user4130	has_profession	doctor
user4130	have_chidren	2 children
user4131	like_food	french fries
user4131	have_vehicle	bicycle
user4131	has_ability	fall up stairs
user4131	employed_by_company	del taco
user4132	want	pot bellied pig
user4132	like_read	anne of green gables
user4132	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user4132	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user4133	has_profession	baker
user4133	other	childhood
user4133	has_profession	nurse
user4133	like_activity	surfing
user4134	employed_by_general	it
user4134	has_hobby	weed
user4134	like_food	meat
user4134	like_music	rap
user4135	marital_status	single
user4135	like_food	healthy
user4135	physical_attribute	brunette
user4135	like_activity	sleeping in
user4135	favorite_season	fall
user4136	like_food	food with no animal product
user4136	employed_by_general	retailer
user4136	like_goto	0 library
user4136	live_in_general	coast
user4137	like_food	italian cuisine
user4137	other	tom
user4137	favorite_food	pizza
user4137	other	east asian
user4138	has_age	30
user4138	job_status	employed
user4138	have_pet	2 dog
user4138	has_ability	security guard
user4139	like_activity	gambling
user4139	has_ability	1 speak language
user4139	like_food	vegetables
user4139	like_activity	talking on the phone
user4139	like_activity	hiking
user4140	has_ability	play instrument
user4140	have_family	grandmother
user4140	<blank>	seeking employment
user4140	like_watching	horror
user4140	favorite_color	red orange
user4141	physical_attribute	red skin
user4141	physical_attribute	attractive
user4141	like_animal	cat
user4142	want	money
user4142	misc_attribute	smart
user4143	not_have	degree
user4143	physical_attribute	eyes
user4143	misc_attribute	above average
user4143	like_food	meat
user4143	like_general	desert
user4144	like_general	headsets
user4144	own	iphone
user4144	like_general	red
user4144	like_activity	travel
user4145	like_sports	swimming
user4145	like_read	<blank>
user4145	favorite_show	the voice
user4145	physical_attribute	tall
user4146	like_read	<blank>
user4146	other	vegan
user4146	school_status	student
user4146	like_animal	animals
user4147	like_activity	scuba diving
user4147	have_chidren	3 daughter
user4147	place_origin	kansas
user4147	has_profession	police
user4148	like_movie	gone with the wind
user4148	physical_attribute	purple hair
user4148	have_pet	2 reptile
user4148	like_general	red
user4149	employed_by_general	doctors office
user4149	like_read	<blank>
user4149	favorite	flower is a lily
user4149	like_animal	dog
user4150	employed_by_company	ibm
user4150	physical_attribute	tall
user4150	job_status	not a basketball player
user4150	like_music	the rolling stones
user4150	want_do	retire
user4151	dislike	1 cooking
user4151	have_family	mother
user4151	physical_attribute	long hair
user4152	other	am allergic to apples
user4152	has_hobby	singing
user4152	has_profession	coach
user4152	has_profession	teacher
user4152	like_activity	crocheting
user4153	like_food	locally sourced
user4153	member_of	city council
user4153	like_activity	outdoors
user4153	own	home
user4154	other	six months to live
user4154	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user4154	other	allergic
user4154	like_food	fried
user4155	has_hobby	sewing
user4155	like_activity	swimming
user4155	have	garden
user4155	like_activity	baking
user4156	has_hobby	football
user4156	like_sports	football
user4156	has_hobby	football
user4156	like_general	baltimore ravens
user4157	favorite_food	spaghetti
user4157	attend_school	elementary school
user4157	like_music	one direction
user4158	like_watching	game of thrones
user4158	like_goto	walmart
user4158	dislike	heights
user4158	like_general	cold weather
user4158	favorite_season	winter
user4159	has_hobby	fishing
user4159	like_food	pancakes
user4159	like_general	lumberjacking
user4159	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user4159	own	large ax
user4160	misc_attribute	disbelief
user4160	like_general	the story
user4160	other	wiccan
user4160	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4161	like_animal	sharks
user4161	like_activity	dance
user4161	has_hobby	reading
user4161	other	vegetarian
user4162	has_hobby	larping
user4162	has_age	32
user4162	has_ability	to move out
user4162	has_profession	general
user4162	have_family	father
user4163	previous_profession	farmer
user4163	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user4163	job_status	unemployed
user4163	like_watching	reality tv
user4163	want_do	move
user4164	favorite_book	stephen king
user4164	favorite_movie	horror
user4164	like_activity	reading
user4164	has_profession	veterinarian
user4165	dislike	summer
user4165	want	faster computer
user4165	like_activity	standing in the rain
user4166	like_animal	dog
user4166	gender	female
user4166	like_food	sushi
user4166	own	car
user4167	has_degree	american literature and education
user4167	has_hobby	hiking
user4167	school_status	graduated
user4167	want_job	teacher
user4167	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4168	has_profession	engineer
user4168	employed_by_company	google
user4168	like_food	lobster
user4168	employed_by_company	google
user4168	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user4169	have	survived
user4169	like_activity	driving
user4169	like_read	<blank>
user4170	have_family	mother
user4170	attend_school	welding
user4170	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user4170	has_profession	construction worker
user4170	<blank>	<blank>
user4171	has_ability	3 speak language
user4171	has_ability	cook
user4171	like_sports	cycling
user4172	misc_attribute	distant
user4172	like_general	color: pink
user4172	marital_status	married
user4173	marital_status	married
user4173	like_music	the rolling stones
user4173	have_chidren	3 children
user4173	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user4174	has_profession	computer technician
user4174	like_drink	chai tea
user4174	dislike	spiders
user4174	own	black clothes
user4175	physical_attribute	short
user4175	like_animal	animals
user4175	have	problems
user4175	like_food	takeout
user4176	misc_attribute	social
user4176	like_food	large meals
user4176	attend_school	university
user4176	like_sports	swimming
user4176	has_hobby	exercise
user4177	favorite_season	spring
user4177	have	boots
user4177	like_activity	fishing
user4178	like_sports	field hockey
user4178	like_animal	dog
user4178	school_status	student
user4178	want_job	veterinarian
user4178	has_age	15
user4179	gender	female
user4179	own	car
user4179	like_general	blue
user4179	like_animal	dog
user4179	like_food	sushi
user4180	like_music	yo gotti
user4180	like_watching	drama
user4180	school_status	student
user4181	has_ability	1 speak language
user4181	like_activity	talking on the phone
user4181	like_activity	hiking
user4181	like_activity	gambling
user4181	like_food	vegetables
user4182	favorite_music	metal
user4182	has_profession	commercials
user4182	like_activity	watching television
user4182	other	3 allergies
user4183	favorite_show	csi
user4183	misc_attribute	risky
user4183	dislike	winter
user4183	want_job	smithsonian
user4184	has_ability	cook
user4184	has_ability	3 speak language
user4184	like_sports	cycling
user4184	favorite_activity	outdoors
user4185	misc_attribute	helpful
user4185	dislike	basketball
user4185	like_sports	badminton
user4185	dislike	vegetables
user4186	job_status	volunteer
user4186	like_food	italian cuisine
user4186	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user4186	has_profession	librarian
user4187	want	money
user4187	misc_attribute	smart
user4187	have_pet	dog
user4188	favorite_color	purple
user4188	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user4188	has_degree	masters
user4188	gender	female
user4189	like_food	fast food
user4189	like_activity	cleaning
user4189	has_hobby	watching movies
user4189	have_chidren	children
user4190	misc_attribute	vain
user4190	like_activity	drawing
user4190	physical_attribute	curly hair
user4191	has_profession	librarian
user4191	have_pet	2 cat
user4191	like_activity	reading
user4191	have_pet	cat
user4192	like_food	cookies
user4192	like_food	pasta
user4192	like_food	ice cream
user4192	like_activity	painting
user4192	school_status	student
user4193	have_pet	dog
user4193	misc_attribute	content
user4193	like_activity	singing
user4193	misc_attribute	shy
user4194	misc_attribute	religious
user4194	like_watching	games shows
user4194	misc_attribute	angry
user4194	dislike	green beans
user4194	has_hobby	travel
user4195	job_status	employed
user4195	like_activity	cooking
user4195	have_family	husband
user4195	like_activity	singing
user4195	have	girlfriend
user4196	place_origin	farm
user4196	has_hobby	running
user4196	have_family	2 nephew
user4196	has_profession	veterinarian
user4197	other	walking
user4197	live_in_general	city
user4197	like_goto	market
user4198	place_origin	farm
user4198	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user4198	like_activity	beadworking
user4198	have	fibromyalgia
user4198	like_activity	reading
user4199	have_family	sibling
user4199	like_activity	climbing
user4199	want_do	travel
user4199	like_animal	parrot
user4200	like_activity	napping
user4200	has_hobby	singing
user4200	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user4200	like_watching	sport
user4201	like_activity	reading
user4201	has_ability	read
user4201	has_ability	read foreign language
user4201	like_activity	reading
user4201	school_status	dropped out
user4202	have_pet	dog
user4202	like_activity	bathing
user4202	like_activity	working out
user4202	like_music	country
user4203	place_origin	new hampshire
user4203	like_read	history
user4203	like_food	mexican cuisine
user4203	has_profession	teacher
user4204	have_pet	2 cat
user4204	has_profession	librarian
user4204	like_food	tuna
user4204	have_pet	cat
user4205	like_activity	dance
user4205	like_general	shoes
user4205	like_food	burrito
user4205	like_food	pizza
user4206	like_general	jimmy fallon
user4206	has_ability	play instrument
user4206	has_ability	making clothing
user4206	physical_attribute	going bald
user4206	dislike	flowers
user4207	like_activity	video games
user4207	dislike	1 cooking
user4207	physical_attribute	long hair
user4208	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user4208	like_general	weather
user4208	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user4208	has_profession	national guard officer
user4209	favorite	superman
user4209	like_drink	pepsi
user4209	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user4209	have_vehicle	toyota
user4210	have	90000 dollars
user4210	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user4210	favorite_drink	1 beer
user4210	want_do	10 own horses
user4210	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user4211	like_activity	walking
user4211	have_sibling	6 sister
user4211	like_sports	boston celtics
user4211	like_food	chocolate
user4211	employed_by_general	a small
user4212	misc_attribute	active
user4212	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user4212	have_vehicle	junk
user4212	want_do	fix
user4212	like_general	vinyl records
user4213	like_activity	gambling
user4213	has_ability	1 speak language
user4213	like_activity	talking on the phone
user4213	like_activity	hiking
user4214	own	acara
user4214	has_profession	car sales
user4214	favorite_drink	beer coors
user4215	physical_attribute	purple hair
user4215	favorite_book	tale of genji
user4215	job_status	employed
user4216	own	money
user4216	misc_attribute	bored
user4216	have_chidren	children
user4216	favorite_food	cheesecake
user4217	misc_attribute	funny
user4217	has_ability	draw
user4217	have	sausage fingers
user4217	favorite_drink	sprite
user4218	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user4218	like_activity	hiking
user4218	like_activity	mountain biking
user4218	like_activity	traveling
user4218	has_hobby	environmentalist
user4219	have_chidren	4 children
user4219	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user4220	other	am a widow
user4220	has_age	77
user4220	like_drink	coffee
user4221	have	3 roomates
user4221	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user4221	have	eyebrow piercing
user4221	have_sibling	sister
user4221	other	parents are teachers
user4222	have	problems
user4222	like_animal	animals
user4222	physical_attribute	glasses
user4222	other	eat out for food
user4222	physical_attribute	short
user4223	has_profession	paramedic
user4223	like_music	rap
user4223	have_family	mother
user4223	marital_status	single
user4223	like_activity	fishing
user4224	has_ability	2 speak language
user4224	like_activity	cooking
user4224	have_chidren	3 children
user4224	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4224	marital_status	married
user4225	has_ability	play instrument
user4225	like_food	indian cuisine
user4225	want	to adopt a dog
user4225	has_hobby	play
user4226	have_chidren	child
user4226	dislike	running
user4226	favorite_color	orange
user4226	like_watching	sport
user4226	have_pet	2 cat
user4227	have	car
user4227	has_profession	accountant
user4227	like_food	potato
user4227	gender	male
user4227	have_pet	2 dog
user4228	place_origin	kentucky
user4228	other	veteran
user4228	like_read	<blank>
user4228	has_hobby	gardening
user4228	like_read	<blank>
user4229	place_origin	austin
user4229	want_do	photography
user4229	like_activity	cooking
user4229	like_general	social media
user4230	dislike	tofu
user4230	have_vehicle	prius
user4231	has_ability	play instrument
user4231	own	cds
user4231	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user4231	like_general	furniture
user4232	like_activity	cooking
user4232	like_activity	swimming
user4233	dislike	<blank>
user4233	misc_attribute	critic
user4233	dislike	feeling controlled
user4234	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user4234	like_general	impala
user4234	like_activity	fishing
user4234	like_music	classic
user4234	favorite_season	summer
user4235	like_activity	rock climbing
user4235	has_profession	writer
user4235	like_food	gluten free
user4235	physical_attribute	hair is black
user4235	have_pet	1 dog
user4236	other	orphan
user4236	place_origin	nevada
user4236	previous_profession	pilot
user4236	like_animal	dog
user4236	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user4237	have_vehicle	truck
user4237	favorite_food	steak
user4237	have	a beer
user4237	has_profession	roofer
user4238	has_hobby	skiing
user4238	employed_by_general	bar
user4238	like_activity	saving
user4238	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user4239	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user4239	own	agency
user4239	marital_status	married
user4239	gender	female
user4240	job_status	employed
user4240	marital_status	single
user4240	has_age	30
user4240	have_pet	2 dog
user4240	has_ability	security guard
user4241	have_pet	reptile
user4241	like_activity	walking
user4241	<blank>	<blank>
user4241	like_activity	cooking
user4242	like_food	french fries
user4242	employed_by_company	del taco
user4242	has_ability	fall up stairs
user4242	have_vehicle	bicycle
user4243	misc_attribute	romantic
user4243	other	bad luck with relationships
user4243	misc_attribute	lazy
user4243	job_status	employed
user4243	dislike	homework
user4244	favorite_music_artist	creed
user4244	like_sports	running
user4244	other	carnivore
user4244	have	welfare
user4245	like_activity	cooking
user4245	have_pet	cat
user4246	dislike	job
user4246	like_goto	india
user4246	has_profession	athlete
user4246	want_job	explorer
user4247	like_activity	writing
user4247	other	vegetarian
user4247	previous_profession	marine
user4247	has_profession	bartender
user4248	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user4248	live_in_general	near celebrities
user4248	has_age	19
user4248	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user4249	has_hobby	reading
user4249	other	vegetarian
user4249	has_profession	bartender
user4249	like_activity	writing
user4250	like_activity	photography
user4250	like_music	adam levine
user4250	want_do	photography
user4250	marital_status	widow
user4251	has_profession	teacher
user4251	favorite_food	french fries
user4252	has_ability	sing many songs
user4252	like_music	the lumineers
user4252	misc_attribute	happy
user4252	like_activity	reading
user4253	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user4253	have_pet	cat
user4253	marital_status	married
user4253	dislike	writing
user4254	own	garden
user4254	own	2 laptops
user4254	like_food	chocolate
user4254	like_watching	anime
user4255	attend_school	beauty classes
user4255	has_hobby	youtube
user4255	have	50000 subcribers
user4255	has_ability	apply make-up
user4256	has_profession	commercials
user4256	favorite_music	metal
user4256	like_activity	watching television
user4257	dislike	writing
user4257	marital_status	married
user4257	have_pet	cat
user4257	physical_attribute	sight
user4258	like_general	cher
user4258	have	no money
user4258	like_general	purple
user4258	have_vehicle	sports car
user4259	marital_status	married
user4259	have_family	10 niece
user4259	has_profession	writer
user4259	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user4260	have_pet	cat
user4260	like_food	taco
user4260	like_watching	movies
user4260	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user4260	like_music	funk rock
user4261	like_sports	football
user4261	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user4261	<blank>	<blank>
user4261	favorite_movie	star wars
user4261	have_pet	iguana
user4262	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user4262	has_profession	party planning
user4262	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user4263	other	christian
user4263	like_activity	reading
user4263	favorite_movie	horror
user4263	favorite_book	stephen king
user4264	has_age	25
user4264	have_pet	doberman
user4264	has_profession	mechanic
user4264	gender	male
user4265	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user4265	place_origin	alabama
user4265	like_watching	game of thrones
user4265	like_animal	rabbit
user4266	like_activity	painting
user4266	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user4266	job_status	employed
user4266	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user4266	place_origin	london
user4267	like_music	<blank>
user4267	like_activity	walking
user4267	like_activity	go to lake
user4267	has_hobby	knitting
user4267	misc_attribute	happy
user4268	has_profession	veterinarian
user4268	other	vegetarian
user4268	marital_status	married
user4268	place_origin	spain
user4268	favorite_music	hip hop
user4269	has_profession	writer
user4269	favorite_music	metal
user4269	like_activity	working out
user4269	marital_status	engaged
user4270	misc_attribute	am happy
user4270	has_profession	waitress
user4270	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user4270	dislike	fashion
user4271	school_status	graduated
user4271	has_profession	finance
user4271	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user4271	like_food	takeout
user4272	have_family	only child
user4272	has_hobby	horseback riding
user4272	have_family	adopted
user4272	misc_attribute	cold
user4273	has_hobby	camping
user4273	like_activity	horseback riding
user4273	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user4273	have_chidren	2 son
user4274	want	spouse
user4274	has_hobby	working out
user4274	have_family	no sibling
user4274	has_profession	marketing
user4275	has_ability	karate
user4275	has_hobby	vacation
user4275	like_food	shrimp
user4275	has_ability	play instrument
user4275	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user4276	like_general	cabins in the woods
user4276	like_activity	swimming
user4276	has_hobby	traveling
user4276	has_hobby	traveling
user4277	have_chidren	child
user4277	favorite_color	purple
user4277	place_origin	church
user4278	like_animal	<blank>
user4278	have_pet	several
user4278	like_goto	animal shelters
user4278	like_watching	wildlife
user4278	like_watching	animals
user4279	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user4279	job_status	employed
user4279	have	nickname
user4279	other	have never ate candy
user4279	like_watching	anime
user4280	has_hobby	hiking
user4280	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user4280	has_profession	personal trainer
user4280	other	dave
user4280	like_activity	fishing
user4281	has_profession	waitress
user4281	has_hobby	reading
user4281	like_sports	soccer
user4281	have_family	parents
user4281	favorite_movie	disney movies
user4282	job_status	unemployed
user4282	like_music	rock
user4282	other	diabetic
user4283	have_chidren	twins
user4283	physical_attribute	pregnant
user4283	have_chidren	3 children
user4283	has_age	21
user4284	misc_attribute	old soul
user4284	misc_attribute	unstable
user4284	misc_attribute	passionate
user4284	physical_attribute	have back pain
user4285	live_in_general	apartment
user4285	has_age	25
user4285	like_general	taking her to the park
user4286	dislike	family
user4286	like_general	comics
user4286	like_watching	horror
user4286	like_food	junk food
user4287	other	eat out for food
user4287	like_animal	animals
user4287	physical_attribute	glasses
user4287	have	problems
user4288	has_profession	9 to 5
user4288	like_activity	cooking
user4288	want_job	baker
user4288	has_hobby	volunteer
user4289	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user4289	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user4289	have_family	children
user4289	like_activity	driving
user4289	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user4290	have	homes
user4290	like_activity	horseback riding
user4290	like_activity	riding
user4290	other	eat less meat than usual
user4290	like_general	cars
user4291	like_watching	tv
user4291	other	vegetarian
user4291	like_activity	reading
user4291	favorite_book	harry potter books
user4292	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user4292	favorite_hobby	chess
user4292	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user4292	has_hobby	fencing
user4293	like_general	littlest things
user4293	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user4293	dislike	riding the bus
user4294	has_ability	sing
user4294	misc_attribute	shy
user4294	other	was accepted to participate
user4294	has_ability	unclear
user4295	has_hobby	bicycling
user4295	like_goto	canada
user4295	misc_attribute	competitive
user4295	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user4296	have	1 blue eye
user4296	have_pet	cat
user4296	has_ability	speak language
user4297	live_in_general	park
user4297	favorite_color	purple
user4297	not_have	car
user4297	has_hobby	listens
user4297	not_have	child
user4298	employed_by_general	warehouse
user4298	marital_status	married
user4298	physical_attribute	buff
user4298	has_hobby	video games
user4299	school_status	graduated
user4299	other	vegetarian
user4299	like_activity	shopping
user4300	has_ability	ski racer
user4300	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user4300	has_hobby	skiing
user4300	has_hobby	skiing
user4301	like_read	<blank>
user4301	other	veteran
user4301	has_hobby	gardening
user4301	place_origin	kentucky
user4302	like_activity	singing
user4302	marital_status	not married
user4302	like_sports	basketball
user4302	have_chidren	children
user4303	like_animal	dog
user4303	have_pet	dog
user4303	like_activity	drinking
user4303	has_profession	photographer
user4303	have	tattoos
user4304	want_do	play
user4304	school_status	graduated
user4304	have	knee surgery
user4304	physical_attribute	tall
user4304	want_do	basketball
user4305	like_music	blues
user4305	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user4305	like_activity	saving
user4305	employed_by_general	bar
user4306	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4306	dislike	cleaning
user4306	like_general	blue
user4306	has_hobby	painting
user4306	has_profession	finance
user4307	like_general	line drying clothing
user4307	has_hobby	blogging
user4307	want	ferret
user4307	other	allergies
user4308	other	cat person
user4308	member_of	hobby club
user4308	have	cell phone
user4308	like_drink	alcohol
user4309	like_read	autobiographies
user4309	like_goto	gym
user4309	like_music	metallica
user4309	favorite_food	chicken
user4309	have_pet	cat
user4310	other	cant drive
user4310	marital_status	married
user4310	has_age	32
user4310	has_hobby	diet
user4311	like_activity	hunting
user4311	like_food	meat
user4311	like_music	country
user4311	like_watching	sport
user4311	have_vehicle	truck
user4312	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user4312	like_drink	iced tea
user4312	teach	first grade
user4312	has_hobby	shopping
user4312	marital_status	married
user4313	has_profession	programmer
user4313	other	has not gone home recently
user4313	has_hobby	traveling
user4313	other	traveling to japan
user4314	like_music	strange music
user4314	want	something interesting
user4314	like_general	cold winters
user4314	want	to be able to write in cursive
user4314	want	live in iceland
user4315	dislike	work
user4315	have_chidren	1 child
user4315	has_ability	cheap
user4315	other	70 salary
user4316	have	boyfriend
user4316	has_hobby	jogging
user4316	has_ability	donor
user4316	has_profession	waiter
user4317	other	recovering alcoholic
user4317	like_activity	pottery
user4317	misc_attribute	unstable
user4317	like_activity	refurbishing
user4318	like_food	hamburgers
user4318	has_profession	electrician
user4318	dislike	winter
user4318	like_sports	running
user4318	has_ability	sleep
user4319	marital_status	engaged
user4319	marital_status	engaged
user4319	marital_status	engaged
user4320	previous_profession	veteran
user4320	like_activity	working out
user4320	has_profession	truck driver
user4320	favorite_sport	football
user4321	has_hobby	cooking
user4321	employed_by_general	restaurant
user4321	have_pet	1 dog
user4322	like_music	concerts
user4322	have	tattoo
user4322	has_hobby	philosophy
user4322	other	vegan
user4323	attend_school	graduate school
user4323	marital_status	divorced
user4323	other	hindu
user4324	like_activity	spending money
user4324	dislike	waking up early
user4324	like_activity	photography
user4324	like_general	rain
user4325	physical_attribute	thin
user4325	has_hobby	hunting
user4325	like_general	tigers baseball team
user4325	physical_attribute	blonde
user4325	like_watching	television
user4326	like_animal	animals
user4326	own	farm
user4326	like_music	country
user4326	like_activity	dancing
user4326	other	vegan
user4327	has_hobby	traveling
user4327	has_profession	construction
user4327	favorite_food	ice cream
user4327	attend_school	university
user4328	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user4328	has_profession	lifeguard
user4328	like_music	katy perry
user4328	have_vehicle	convertible
user4328	like_activity	spreading happiness
user4329	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user4329	have_pet	cat
user4329	like_watching	movies
user4329	like_food	taco
user4329	like_music	funk rock
user4330	like_animal	animals
user4330	like_activity	watching
user4330	like_activity	walking
user4330	like_activity	working out
user4331	like_activity	hiking
user4331	has_profession	engineer
user4331	like_activity	photography
user4331	live_in_general	alone
user4332	like_activity	fishing
user4332	has_hobby	drink beers
user4332	like_activity	fishing
user4332	misc_attribute	simple
user4333	like_goto	comedy clubs
user4333	have_family	0 mother
user4333	like_general	model building
user4333	like_activity	camping
user4333	place_origin	england
user4334	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user4334	have_family	father
user4334	has_ability	speak language
user4334	favorite_food	ravioli
user4335	favorite_music	rock opera
user4335	physical_attribute	brunette
user4335	like_read	science fiction
user4336	like_read	crime
user4336	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user4336	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user4337	like_watching	sunsets
user4337	live_in_general	near the ocean
user4337	like_sports	surfing
user4337	physical_attribute	brunette
user4337	dislike	red meat
user4338	like_general	blue
user4338	have_vehicle	car
user4338	like_activity	drawing and painting
user4338	own	house
user4338	job_status	employed
user4339	has_ability	play instrument
user4339	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user4339	has_ability	karate
user4339	like_food	shrimp
user4340	employed_by_company	monsanto
user4340	like_activity	swimming
user4340	like_activity	shopping
user4340	other	mother
user4341	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user4341	have	fibromyalgia
user4341	like_activity	beadworking
user4341	like_activity	reading
user4342	misc_attribute	aloof
user4342	dislike	waking up
user4342	have	therapist
user4343	misc_attribute	competitive
user4343	own	1 bar
user4343	marital_status	married
user4343	like_activity	smoking
user4344	have_pet	4 cat
user4344	like_activity	skateboarding
user4344	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user4344	like_general	<blank>
user4345	<blank>	<blank>
user4345	has_ability	play instrument
user4345	like_music	country
user4345	have_pet	dog
user4345	<blank>	<blank>
user4346	has_hobby	cycling
user4346	has_profession	waiter
user4347	like_activity	surfing
user4347	marital_status	single
user4347	have	bizarre dreams
user4347	has_ability	earn passive income
user4348	like_food	tuna fish
user4348	like_food	gummy worms
user4348	like_read	science fiction
user4348	physical_attribute	brunette
user4349	like_activity	traveling
user4349	like_general	family
user4349	gender	female
user4349	marital_status	married
user4350	like_activity	video games
user4350	have_pet	dog
user4350	other	<blank>
user4350	like_food	beef
user4350	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user4351	other	commutes
user4351	employed_by_general	library
user4351	have	2 science classes
user4351	live_in_general	home
user4351	school_status	student
user4352	own	2 monitors
user4352	marital_status	single
user4352	own	ebooks
user4352	like_movie	superhero
user4353	member_of	other club
user4353	has_age	21
user4353	physical_attribute	brunette
user4353	live_in_general	ranch
user4354	has_ability	brewing
user4354	have	1 new house
user4354	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user4354	like_activity	making coffee
user4354	other	gay
user4355	have_vehicle	car
user4355	like_general	red shoes
user4355	own	red lipstick
user4355	<blank>	<blank>
user4355	have	red purse
user4356	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user4356	have	not met my father
user4356	has_ability	speak language
user4357	like_activity	reading
user4357	like_activity	reading
user4357	has_ability	read
user4357	school_status	dropped out
user4358	has_profession	engineer
user4358	has_hobby	traveling
user4358	like_activity	dancing
user4359	has_age	old
user4359	like_activity	baking
user4360	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user4360	like_music	jason mraz
user4360	like_read	twilight
user4360	want_do	eat: insect
user4360	has_hobby	surfing
user4361	physical_attribute	red skin
user4361	like_animal	cat
user4361	have	allergies
user4361	physical_attribute	attractive
user4361	dislike	dust
user4362	like_activity	reading
user4362	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user4362	have	thoughts
user4362	has_hobby	writing
user4363	have	allergy
user4363	like_drink	chocolate
user4364	live_in_general	condo
user4364	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user4364	misc_attribute	focused
user4364	favorite_food	steak
user4365	have	roommate
user4365	employed_by_general	diner
user4365	own	cupcake business
user4365	has_ability	to be late
user4365	like_activity	singing
user4366	like_food	hot dog
user4366	has_hobby	reading
user4366	has_hobby	bird watching
user4366	favorite_drink	pepsi
user4367	have_family	<blank>
user4367	has_profession	pediatrician
user4367	misc_attribute	family man
user4367	like_activity	bowling
user4368	physical_attribute	blonde
user4368	like_activity	running
user4368	like_general	blue
user4369	has_profession	accountant
user4369	have_pet	dog
user4369	misc_attribute	colorful
user4370	like_drink	coffee
user4370	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user4370	has_hobby	painting
user4370	want_job	curator
user4371	favorite_food	pizza
user4371	other	east asian
user4371	other	tom
user4371	misc_attribute	healthy
user4372	has_profession	design video games
user4372	has_profession	designer
user4372	job_status	unemployed
user4373	previous_profession	not stated
user4373	like_food	meat
user4373	like_general	anime
user4373	has_ability	swim
user4374	like_general	activism
user4374	like_general	activist work
user4374	like_watching	news
user4374	like_read	female authors
user4374	has_profession	legal assistant
user4375	have	few friends
user4375	has_hobby	reading
user4375	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user4375	like_goto	park
user4375	employed_by_general	museum
user4376	has_hobby	gardening
user4376	like_watching	anime
user4376	own	2 laptops
user4376	like_food	chocolate
user4377	school_status	graduated
user4377	favorite_season	summer
user4377	attend_school	michigan
user4377	want_job	doctor
user4377	like_food	taco
user4378	like_food	chocolate
user4378	have_sibling	6 sister
user4378	like_sports	boston celtics
user4378	employed_by_general	a small
user4378	like_activity	walking
user4379	other	disappointment
user4379	have_family	sibling
user4379	want_do	travel
user4379	like_activity	climbing
user4379	like_animal	parrot
user4380	dislike	working
user4380	other	free spirit
user4380	like_activity	survivalism
user4381	like_activity	watching sunsets
user4381	job_status	unemployed
user4381	has_profession	<blank>
user4381	want_do	exercise
user4382	like_food	cake
user4382	school_status	student
user4382	live_in_citystatecountry	dublin
user4382	have_sibling	1 sister
user4383	like_watching	netflix
user4383	favorite_food	italian
user4383	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user4384	has_profession	zoologist
user4384	like_food	egg
user4384	like_read	crime
user4384	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user4384	favorite_animal	panda
user4385	favorite_color	purple
user4385	gender	female
user4385	has_hobby	swimming
user4385	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user4385	has_degree	masters
user4386	like_activity	gardening
user4386	has_age	71
user4386	favorite_food	carrots
user4386	like_food	vegetables
user4387	attend_school	graduate school
user4387	school_status	student
user4387	like_food	sushi
user4388	has_profession	<blank>
user4388	like_activity	watching sunsets
user4388	want_do	exercise
user4388	like_watching	sun rise
user4388	job_status	unemployed
user4389	other	vegetarian
user4389	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user4389	employed_by_general	flower shop
user4389	like_animal	cat
user4389	has_hobby	reading
user4390	have_vehicle	ford
user4390	attend_school	university
user4390	like_sports	football
user4390	like_movie	action
user4391	like_activity	baking
user4391	like_food	bagels
user4391	like_animal	dog
user4391	like_activity	running
user4392	like_goto	outdoors
user4392	has_hobby	hiking
user4392	has_hobby	biking
user4392	marital_status	in a relationship
user4392	favorite	pancakes
user4393	other	deaf man
user4393	like_activity	reading
user4393	dislike	driving
user4393	favorite	number is 7
user4393	like_general	scratching
user4394	like_watching	surgery
user4394	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user4394	like_activity	traveling
user4394	like_music	britney spears
user4394	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user4395	want	vacation
user4395	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user4395	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user4395	misc_attribute	slow
user4395	job_status	employed
user4396	has_hobby	hunting
user4396	marital_status	not married
user4396	like_sports	basketball
user4396	like_activity	singing
user4397	physical_attribute	6 tall
user4397	like_activity	running
user4397	like_activity	dancing
user4398	want_job	professional eater
user4398	dislike	cleaning
user4398	misc_attribute	depressed
user4398	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user4399	have	boyfriend
user4399	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user4399	favorite_food	spaghetti
user4399	misc_attribute	forgetful
user4399	have_family	mother
user4400	favorite_color	grey
user4400	like_activity	yoga
user4400	like_activity	writing
user4400	marital_status	single
user4401	has_profession	mechanic
user4401	like_sports	surfing
user4401	have_vehicle	car
user4401	have_pet	1 dog
user4401	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4402	job_status	employed
user4402	place_origin	london
user4402	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user4402	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user4403	like_activity	spending time with family
user4403	favorite_place	american eagle
user4403	has_hobby	running
user4403	favorite	chevy duramax
user4404	have_pet	2 cat
user4404	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user4404	like_goto	beach
user4404	like_food	strawberry
user4404	like_food	food with no animal product
user4405	has_profession	0 clerk
user4405	physical_attribute	thin
user4405	place_origin	baltimore
user4405	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user4406	gender	female
user4406	marital_status	single
user4406	employed_by_general	publishing building
user4406	have	laugh
user4407	like_general	simpler times
user4407	like_general	simple jokes
user4407	like_watching	the flintstones
user4408	have	condition
user4408	favorite_activity	pray
user4408	has_ability	left sock first.
user4409	dislike	regular life
user4409	other	am curious about space
user4409	like_music	classical
user4409	dislike	family
user4410	has_profession	teacher
user4410	marital_status	married
user4410	favorite_place	beach
user4411	like_activity	eating
user4411	other	mother
user4411	want	attractive
user4411	physical_attribute	attractive
user4411	physical_attribute	overweight
user4412	like_goto	nail salon
user4412	have	therapist
user4412	employed_by_general	lawyer
user4412	like_goto	cafe
user4413	has_hobby	diving
user4413	like_general	people
user4413	like_general	technology
user4413	have_pet	dog and cat
user4413	want	immortality
user4414	<blank>	<blank>
user4414	like_watching	mystery
user4414	like_food	green tea
user4414	has_profession	author
user4415	favorite	christmas
user4415	other	adopted
user4415	employed_by_general	a local party store
user4415	have	birth mother
user4415	have_sibling	sibling
user4416	like_activity	walking
user4416	like_animal	dog
user4416	like_general	baking
user4416	like_watching	plays
user4416	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user4417	like_music	country
user4417	attend_school	university
user4417	employed_by_company	scrubway
user4417	want_do	video games
user4417	misc_attribute	optimistic
user4418	like_activity	singing
user4418	have	a girlfriend
user4418	other	am lesbian
user4418	job_status	employed
user4418	like_activity	cooking
user4419	physical_attribute	allergic
user4419	like_general	having my back scratched
user4419	have	1 shoes
user4419	favorite	eat at restaurant
user4420	place_origin	<blank>
user4420	have_sibling	3 brother
user4420	like_sports	soccer
user4420	employed_by_company	nike
user4420	like_activity	investing
user4421	have_sibling	sister
user4421	job_status	employed
user4421	other	vegetarian
user4421	have_pet	4 cat
user4421	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user4422	like_activity	skiing
user4422	like_activity	hiking
user4422	place_origin	colorado
user4422	like_music	one direction
user4423	has_ability	play instrument
user4423	like_general	going to bed late
user4423	other	vegetarian
user4423	has_ability	dance
user4423	like_activity	singing
user4424	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user4424	like_goto	florida
user4424	has_profession	freelance accountant
user4424	dislike	social situations
user4424	other	mild ocd
user4425	physical_attribute	purple hair
user4425	misc_attribute	genius
user4425	physical_attribute	tall
user4425	misc_attribute	bizarre
user4426	misc_attribute	passionate
user4426	physical_attribute	have back pain
user4426	misc_attribute	unstable
user4426	misc_attribute	old soul
user4426	want	voice
user4427	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user4427	like_food	fried
user4427	other	allergic
user4428	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user4428	job_status	employed
user4428	have_sibling	sister
user4428	have_pet	4 cat
user4428	other	vegetarian
user4429	like_sports	hockey
user4429	other	has left the country
user4429	have_family	sibling
user4429	have	friend
user4429	attend_school	university
user4430	has_ability	not technology
user4430	misc_attribute	depressed
user4430	misc_attribute	savage
user4430	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user4430	like_general	place
user4431	dislike	chalk
user4431	favorite_drink	coffee
user4431	has_hobby	gymnastics
user4431	have	boyfriend
user4432	has_hobby	photography
user4432	live_in_general	mountains
user4432	own	0 television
user4432	has_ability	pilot
user4432	has_profession	lawyer
user4433	own	5 pairs of same pants
user4433	have	photo
user4433	dislike	waiting in line
user4433	have_sibling	sister
user4434	have_family	<blank>
user4434	like_activity	bowling
user4434	has_profession	pediatrician
user4434	misc_attribute	family man
user4435	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user4435	favorite_activity	reading
user4435	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4435	like_food	spaghetti
user4435	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user4436	has_degree	creative writing
user4436	have_sibling	3 sister
user4436	favorite_place	jamaica
user4436	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user4437	favorite_sport	football
user4437	like_activity	traveling
user4437	job_status	volunteer
user4437	marital_status	20 married
user4437	previous_profession	veteran
user4438	misc_attribute	competitive
user4438	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user4438	has_hobby	bicycling
user4438	other	name
user4439	misc_attribute	religious
user4439	have	0 dates
user4439	have_pet	2 dog
user4439	like_activity	reading
user4439	other	wrote a book
user4440	has_ability	composting
user4440	<blank>	<blank>
user4440	own	greenhouse
user4440	favorite_food	fruit
user4441	misc_attribute	upset
user4441	like_general	social media
user4441	place_origin	austin
user4441	like_activity	cooking
user4442	like_watching	comedy
user4442	favorite_food	hamburgers
user4442	has_profession	ballerina
user4442	job_status	employed
user4443	like_activity	cooking
user4443	marital_status	married
user4443	have_chidren	3 children
user4443	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4443	has_ability	speak language
user4444	have	cell phone
user4444	like_drink	alcohol
user4444	other	cat person
user4444	member_of	hobby club
user4445	like_general	red
user4445	have_pet	dog
user4445	have_family	only child
user4445	school_status	student
user4446	like_music	elvis
user4446	have_vehicle	car
user4446	own	blue shoes
user4446	physical_attribute	blue hair
user4447	school_status	dropped out
user4447	like_activity	reading
user4447	has_ability	read foreign language
user4447	like_activity	reading
user4447	has_ability	read
user4448	has_profession	athlete
user4448	has_profession	driver
user4448	like_activity	board games
user4448	like_animal	fish
user4448	have_chidren	4 daughter
user4449	gender	male
user4449	have_pet	dog
user4449	like_activity	football
user4449	physical_attribute	beard
user4450	<blank>	<blank>
user4450	like_general	leather clothes
user4450	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user4450	like_general	boots
user4451	like_food	beans
user4451	like_activity	collecting rocks
user4451	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user4451	like_general	huge paintings.
user4452	<blank>	<blank>
user4452	has_profession	musician
user4452	job_status	employed
user4453	like_sports	basketball
user4453	favorite_color	green
user4453	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user4453	other	name is gerald
user4454	employed_by_general	architect firm
user4454	like_activity	cooking
user4454	want	someone
user4454	have_pet	3 dog
user4454	like_activity	fishing
user4455	has_ability	throwing parties
user4455	like_food	honey
user4455	favorite_animal	monkey
user4455	like_general	strangers
user4456	like_activity	fishing
user4456	employed_by_general	architect firm
user4456	want	someone
user4456	like_activity	cooking
user4457	has_profession	waiter
user4457	marital_status	single
user4457	has_hobby	cycling
user4458	have_pet	dog
user4458	has_profession	computer technician
user4458	own	black clothes
user4458	like_drink	chai tea
user4459	like_activity	hiking
user4459	like_animal	all animals
user4459	like_general	natural world beauty
user4459	like_read	fantasy
user4460	attend_school	welding
user4460	have_family	mother
user4460	<blank>	<blank>
user4460	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user4460	has_profession	contractor
user4461	has_profession	photographer
user4461	like_animal	dog
user4461	have_pet	dog
user4461	like_activity	drinking
user4461	have	tattoos
user4462	like_food	egg
user4462	has_profession	zoologist
user4462	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user4462	favorite_animal	panda
user4463	other	vegan
user4463	like_read	<blank>
user4463	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user4463	has_profession	nurse
user4463	have	2 smartphones
user4464	has_age	old
user4464	member_of	retirement home
user4464	like_activity	baking
user4465	have_vehicle	car
user4465	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4465	like_sports	surfing
user4465	has_profession	mechanic
user4465	have_pet	1 dog
user4466	misc_attribute	slow
user4466	want	vacation
user4466	job_status	employed
user4466	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user4467	live_in_general	basement
user4467	other	vegetarian
user4467	like_animal	cat
user4467	employed_by_general	flower shop
user4467	has_hobby	reading
user4468	live_in_general	apartment
user4468	has_profession	finance
user4468	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user4468	like_sports	soccer
user4469	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user4469	misc_attribute	healthy
user4469	like_movie	romantic comedy
user4469	has_profession	yoga instruction
user4470	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user4470	has_ability	card countin
user4470	has_degree	statistics
user4470	want_job	casino manager
user4470	have_chidren	3 children
user4471	dislike	eating out
user4471	like_watching	foreign
user4471	dislike	social obligations
user4472	attend_school	university
user4472	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4472	have_pet	4 cat
user4472	like_music	metallica
user4473	marital_status	dating
user4473	has_age	23
user4473	employed_by_general	real estate
user4473	like_activity	singing
user4474	have_vehicle	ford
user4474	like_general	katy perry
user4474	like_drink	coke
user4474	has_hobby	shopping
user4475	like_food	food with no animal product
user4475	like_goto	beach
user4475	like_food	strawberry
user4475	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user4476	have_chidren	2 children
user4476	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user4476	employed_by_company	aldi
user4476	favorite_movie	titanic
user4477	marital_status	married
user4477	has_profession	baseball player
user4477	attend_school	miami university
user4477	has_profession	baseball player
user4477	job_status	employed
user4478	like_drink	iced tea
user4478	marital_status	married
user4478	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user4478	teach	first grade
user4479	misc_attribute	distant
user4479	marital_status	married
user4479	like_general	color: pink
user4479	has_profession	yoga instruction
user4480	other	buddhist
user4480	has_profession	public relations
user4480	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user4480	other	vegan
user4481	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user4481	have_chidren	2 children
user4481	favorite_movie	titanic
user4481	employed_by_company	aldi
user4482	want	move to another country
user4482	school_status	student
user4482	like_music	electronic
user4482	like_goto	nature
user4482	have	debt
user4483	misc_attribute	introvert
user4483	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user4483	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user4483	have_pet	dog
user4483	attend_school	graduate school
user4484	like_activity	talking
user4484	like_watching	sitcoms
user4484	like_read	thriller
user4484	have_vehicle	honda
user4485	has_hobby	gambling
user4485	like_activity	playing the lottery
user4485	have	money
user4485	dislike	punching clocks
user4486	live_in_general	rural area
user4486	have_chidren	children
user4486	gender	female
user4487	have	boyfriend
user4487	favorite_food	spaghetti
user4487	have_family	mother
user4487	misc_attribute	forgetful
user4488	like_activity	fishing
user4488	dislike	pretty
user4488	like_activity	fishing
user4488	has_hobby	drink beers
user4488	misc_attribute	simple
user4489	physical_attribute	tall
user4489	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user4489	has_hobby	water sports
user4489	like_general	red
user4490	like_general	red
user4490	have_family	parents
user4490	like_general	headsets
user4490	like_activity	travel
user4490	own	phone
user4491	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user4491	like_sports	basketball
user4491	have_family	grandfather
user4492	misc_attribute	funny
user4492	have	bakery
user4492	like_activity	walking
user4493	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user4493	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user4493	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user4493	has_hobby	archery
user4494	has_age	30
user4494	have_pet	2 dog
user4494	job_status	employed
user4494	marital_status	single
user4494	has_ability	security guard
user4495	like_goto	cinema
user4495	have	hobbies
user4496	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user4496	like_activity	hiking
user4496	has_ability	speak language
user4497	favorite_drink	sprite
user4497	physical_attribute	full
user4497	has_ability	draw
user4497	misc_attribute	funny
user4497	have	sausage fingers
user4498	like_general	religion
user4498	teach	kids
user4498	like_sports	bicycling
user4498	have_pet	3 dog
user4498	have	personal trainer
user4499	favorite_drink	coffee
user4499	have_vehicle	car
user4499	has_ability	0 run very fast
user4499	physical_attribute	skinny
user4500	has_hobby	gymnastics
user4500	have	boyfriend
user4500	dislike	chalk
user4500	favorite_drink	coffee
user4501	like_sports	soccer
user4501	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user4501	other	vegan
user4501	like_watching	game of thrones
user4502	like_food	pretzels
user4502	favorite_music_artist	vv nation
user4502	like_watching	science fiction
user4502	employed_by_general	railroad
user4502	other	omnivore
user4503	attend_school	graduate school
user4503	has_hobby	dancing
user4503	have_family	only child
user4504	other	allergic to shellfish
user4504	like_sports	equestrian
user4504	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user4505	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user4505	have_chidren	<blank>
user4505	place_origin	texas
user4505	job_status	employed
user4506	like_activity	watching television
user4506	have	been in two car crashes
user4506	like_drink	water
user4506	attend_school	university
user4507	like_general	love
user4507	has_hobby	community theater
user4507	other	parents are doctors
user4507	want_job	actor
user4508	want	voice
user4508	misc_attribute	old soul
user4508	misc_attribute	passionate
user4508	physical_attribute	have back pain
user4509	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4509	like_goto	italy
user4509	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4509	like_food	italian cuisine
user4510	have	6 siblings
user4510	dislike	future
user4510	other	adopted
user4511	misc_attribute	weak
user4511	dislike	evil
user4511	misc_attribute	religious
user4511	misc_attribute	religious
user4512	marital_status	divorced
user4512	favorite_place	new york
user4512	favorite_food	steak
user4512	like_activity	running
user4512	has_profession	lawyer
user4513	other	am dumpy
user4513	have	long fingers
user4513	dislike	shrimp
user4513	like_general	skeleton
user4513	physical_attribute	long legs
user4514	have_sibling	twin brother
user4514	favorite_book	david copperfield
user4514	physical_attribute	short
user4514	has_hobby	baking
user4515	has_profession	teacher
user4515	other	sarah
user4515	has_profession	teacher
user4515	has_hobby	reading
user4515	has_hobby	watching television
user4516	have_chidren	<blank>
user4516	like_sports	basketball
user4516	job_status	employed
user4516	place_origin	texas
user4516	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user4517	like_food	food with no animal product
user4517	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4517	other	help with bookeeping
user4517	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user4517	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user4518	like_music	0 toto
user4518	have_vehicle	car
user4518	have_pet	dog
user4518	like_food	meatloaf
user4519	dislike	feeling controlled
user4519	misc_attribute	regretful
user4519	misc_attribute	critic
user4519	dislike	<blank>
user4520	own	9 guitars
user4520	other	vegan
user4520	like_music	system of a down
user4520	has_ability	play instrument
user4521	like_animal	dog
user4521	favorite	flower is a lily
user4521	employed_by_general	doctors office
user4521	like_read	<blank>
user4522	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user4522	marital_status	married
user4522	own	my home
user4523	misc_attribute	happy
user4523	has_hobby	knitting
user4523	like_activity	go to lake
user4523	like_music	<blank>
user4523	like_activity	walking
user4524	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user4524	want_job	dentist
user4524	has_ability	sleeping
user4524	like_sports	sports
user4525	marital_status	single
user4525	like_general	purple
user4525	have_vehicle	sports car
user4525	like_general	cher
user4526	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user4526	other	vegetarian
user4526	have_sibling	sister
user4526	job_status	employed
user4527	has_hobby	ice hockey
user4527	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4527	attend_school	high school
user4527	favorite	math
user4527	gender	male
user4528	like_sports	football
user4528	attend_school	alabama university
user4528	dislike	alcohol
user4528	misc_attribute	anxious
user4528	have	girlfriend
user4529	has_profession	commercials
user4529	other	3 allergies
user4529	like_activity	watching television
user4530	attend_school	college
user4530	like_activity	writing
user4530	own	glasses
user4530	has_ability	ride
user4530	have	laptop
user4531	have	money
user4531	like_sports	water ski
user4531	has_profession	car maker
user4531	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user4531	like_food	macaroni
user4532	like_sports	soccer
user4532	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user4532	like_watching	game of thrones
user4533	place_origin	nevada
user4533	previous_profession	pilot
user4533	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user4533	like_animal	dog
user4534	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user4534	like_read	fiction
user4534	has_hobby	football
user4534	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user4535	have_chidren	2 son
user4535	has_profession	teacher
user4535	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user4535	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user4536	has_ability	cook
user4536	other	soccer mom
user4536	teach	cheerleading
user4536	like_general	family time
user4537	have_pet	cat
user4537	like_sports	basketball
user4537	have_family	grandfather
user4537	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user4538	member_of	sports team
user4538	has_hobby	football
user4538	misc_attribute	determined
user4538	has_hobby	football
user4538	like_goto	league
user4539	has_hobby	writing
user4539	have	terrible singing voice
user4539	has_profession	cook
user4539	has_hobby	hiking
user4539	like_general	grateful dead
user4540	want_do	<blank>
user4540	has_ability	playing pool
user4540	like_animal	unicorn
user4540	want_do	travel
user4540	teach	arts
user4541	other	0 chewing food
user4541	have	medical bills
user4541	physical_attribute	slow
user4541	other	familiarity with hospitals and doctors
user4542	like_activity	singing
user4542	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user4542	have_pet	cat
user4542	has_profession	coffee shop
user4542	school_status	student
user4543	like_general	the nighttime
user4543	own	2 hoop earrings
user4543	has_profession	artist
user4544	like_read	comics
user4544	other	<blank>
user4544	want_job	superhero
user4544	has_age	8
user4545	previous_profession	clown
user4545	like_music	country
user4545	has_profession	reality tv star
user4545	like_sports	surfing
user4546	has_degree	graduate
user4546	own	miscelaneous stuff
user4546	has_profession	small business owner
user4546	misc_attribute	impressed
user4546	job_status	seeking employment
user4547	have_vehicle	prius
user4547	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user4547	like_general	red
user4547	like_activity	dance
user4548	like_general	computers
user4548	has_ability	math
user4548	misc_attribute	nerd
user4548	like_activity	0 thinking
user4548	have_sibling	sibling
user4549	has_profession	teacher
user4549	like_read	<blank>
user4549	have	no television
user4550	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user4550	favorite_food	ravioli
user4550	has_ability	speak language
user4551	like_general	silver
user4551	have	tattoos
user4551	have	1 rose tattoo
user4551	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4552	has_ability	speak language
user4552	like_watching	anime
user4552	want_do	save money
user4552	dislike	subtitles
user4553	have	appeared on jeopardy
user4553	like_activity	refurbishing
user4553	misc_attribute	unstable
user4553	other	recovering alcoholic
user4554	has_profession	scientist
user4554	like_music	the beatles
user4554	physical_attribute	tall
user4554	has_hobby	gymnastics
user4555	want	botos
user4555	job_status	unemployed
user4555	misc_attribute	confident
user4556	like_food	healthy
user4556	like_activity	sleeping in
user4556	marital_status	not married
user4556	physical_attribute	brunette
user4557	previous_profession	pilot
user4557	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user4557	place_origin	nevada
user4557	like_animal	dog
user4558	attend_school	university
user4558	attend_school	high school
user4558	other	no accent
user4558	own	motorcycle
user4559	want_do	travel
user4559	like_activity	walking
user4559	job_status	retired
user4560	has_ability	speak language
user4560	has_profession	barista
user4560	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user4560	like_activity	hiking
user4561	favorite_food	ice cream
user4561	attend_school	university
user4561	has_profession	construction
user4561	has_hobby	traveling
user4562	has_hobby	fishing
user4562	has_ability	play instrument
user4562	own	george foreman grill
user4562	dislike	fast food
user4562	like_activity	go karting
user4563	has_hobby	cooking
user4563	has_hobby	traveling
user4563	place_origin	beach
user4563	like_food	pizza
user4563	like_animal	dog
user4564	like_general	scratching
user4564	dislike	driving
user4564	like_activity	reading
user4564	favorite	number is 7
user4565	other	hindu
user4565	attend_school	graduate school
user4565	marital_status	divorced
user4565	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user4566	has_hobby	band
user4566	misc_attribute	sociable
user4566	want_job	director
user4566	has_ability	play instrument
user4567	like_activity	walking
user4567	like_watching	plays
user4567	like_animal	dog
user4567	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user4568	have_pet	dog
user4568	like_activity	working out
user4568	like_music	country
user4569	favorite_activity	reading
user4569	like_food	spaghetti
user4569	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user4569	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user4570	misc_attribute	active
user4570	want_do	fix
user4570	like_general	vinyl records
user4570	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user4570	have_vehicle	junk
user4571	misc_attribute	social
user4571	attend_school	university
user4571	has_hobby	exercise
user4571	like_sports	swimming
user4571	like_food	large meals
user4572	other	make 35 million a year
user4572	has_profession	basketball player
user4572	live_in_general	mansion
user4572	attend_school	university
user4572	member_of	sports team
user4573	has_profession	chef
user4573	gender	male
user4573	have_pet	parrot
user4574	marital_status	married
user4574	has_profession	semi trucks
user4574	want_do	vacation
user4575	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user4575	like_general	my image
user4575	want	mom was healthier
user4575	want	to go to another school
user4575	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user4576	has_age	4
user4576	have_family	father
user4576	have_family	mother
user4576	have	princess bed
user4576	like_activity	playing outside
user4577	school_status	student
user4577	want_do	soccer
user4577	like_sports	soccer
user4577	have_sibling	brother
user4578	employed_by_general	newspaper
user4578	like_activity	yoga
user4578	favorite_color	grey
user4578	like_activity	writing
user4579	has_profession	package delivery
user4579	misc_attribute	funny
user4579	like_food	candy
user4579	have_vehicle	honda
user4579	have_pet	3 cat
user4580	has_profession	businessman
user4580	have_chidren	2 children
user4580	has_hobby	martial arts
user4580	like_activity	singing
user4581	misc_attribute	depressed
user4581	want	help
user4581	have_family	parents
user4581	other	bisexual
user4581	job_status	seeking employment
user4582	has_hobby	driving
user4582	have	10 tattoos
user4582	member_of	hobby club
user4582	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user4583	has_ability	to move out
user4583	has_age	32
user4583	has_hobby	larping
user4583	have_family	father
user4584	have_chidren	children
user4584	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user4584	has_hobby	cheerleading
user4584	like_activity	shopping
user4585	like_general	being myself
user4585	like_activity	reading
user4585	like_music	dream theater
user4585	has_hobby	walking
user4586	like_music	frank sinatra
user4586	like_watching	spongebob
user4586	like_activity	cooking
user4586	gender	female
user4587	like_animal	cat
user4587	favorite_color	green
user4587	job_status	employed
user4587	like_activity	travel
user4587	like_general	car
user4588	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4588	like_sports	surfing
user4588	has_profession	mechanic
user4588	have_pet	1 dog
user4589	like_general	job
user4589	like_goto	beeach
user4589	have_pet	dog
user4589	like_activity	cycling
user4590	have_vehicle	car
user4590	has_profession	mechanic
user4590	have_pet	1 dog
user4590	like_sports	surfing
user4590	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4591	dislike	music
user4591	misc_attribute	friendly
user4591	physical_attribute	red hair
user4591	have_vehicle	scooter
user4592	want	to be something else
user4592	physical_attribute	6 tall
user4592	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user4592	has_ability	speak language
user4593	favorite_food	jello
user4593	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user4593	have_pet	4 pet
user4593	like_activity	card game
user4594	like_music	avert brother
user4594	has_hobby	traveling
user4594	like_sports	steelers
user4594	attend_school	university
user4595	has_profession	truck driver
user4595	has_age	43
user4595	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user4595	has_hobby	traveling
user4596	has_profession	nurse
user4596	has_ability	play instrument
user4596	marital_status	married
user4596	like_goto	national parks
user4597	have	boyfriend
user4597	has_ability	play instrument
user4597	favorite_color	yellow
user4598	has_profession	pharmacist
user4598	like_music	classical
user4598	have_chidren	grandchildren
user4598	misc_attribute	wild
user4599	has_profession	paramedic
user4599	like_music	rap
user4599	have_family	mother
user4599	like_activity	fishing
user4600	favorite_drink	pepsi
user4600	has_hobby	bird watching
user4600	has_hobby	reading
user4600	has_profession	librarian
user4600	like_food	hot dog
user4601	has_profession	accountant
user4601	like_food	potato
user4601	have_pet	2 dog
user4601	have	car
user4602	has_ability	4 speak language
user4602	has_hobby	volunteering
user4602	has_ability	impersonations
user4602	other	award winner
user4603	want	responsible
user4603	school_status	student
user4603	misc_attribute	distrustful
user4603	physical_attribute	athletic
user4603	have	friends
user4604	physical_attribute	blue hair
user4604	like_general	the color blue
user4604	have_vehicle	car
user4604	like_music	elvis
user4605	misc_attribute	make things right
user4605	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user4605	has_profession	sales
user4605	like_activity	making clients happy
user4605	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user4606	dislike	bread
user4606	misc_attribute	practical
user4607	like_food	meat
user4607	have	girlfriend
user4607	other	veteran
user4607	attend_school	graduate school
user4608	like_general	dress up
user4608	like_activity	skin care
user4608	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4608	dislike	cooking
user4609	like_sports	swimming
user4609	has_hobby	exercise
user4609	like_food	large meals
user4609	attend_school	university
user4609	misc_attribute	social
user4610	like_activity	praying
user4610	like_activity	working out
user4610	like_general	people
user4610	like_general	building apps
user4611	live_in_general	mansion
user4611	attend_school	university
user4611	other	make 35 million a year
user4611	member_of	sports team
user4611	has_profession	basketball player
user4612	have_pet	3 dog
user4612	has_degree	law
user4612	have_chidren	2 children
user4612	have	vacation home
user4613	have_family	parents
user4613	want	any car
user4613	attend_school	in a year
user4613	has_age	18
user4614	have_family	grandmother
user4614	job_status	employed
user4614	has_profession	bowler
user4614	have_chidren	2 children
user4615	other	vegetarian
user4615	employed_by_general	flower shop
user4615	like_animal	cat
user4615	has_hobby	reading
user4616	has_hobby	yoga
user4616	has_profession	marketing
user4616	has_ability	meditate
user4616	other	vegan
user4616	have	an online business
user4617	like_watching	wildlife
user4617	like_watching	animals
user4617	like_goto	animal shelters
user4617	like_animal	<blank>
user4617	have_pet	several
user4618	like_drink	tea
user4618	like_sports	cycling
user4618	like_activity	drawing
user4618	like_food	egg
user4619	has_ability	website design
user4619	like_general	technology
user4619	want_do	invest in stock market
user4619	like_read	news
user4620	like_music	alternative rock
user4620	employed_by_general	craft store
user4620	own	house
user4620	like_activity	crocheting
user4621	have	homes
user4621	like_activity	riding
user4621	other	eat less meat than usual
user4621	like_general	cars
user4622	has_profession	scientist
user4622	has_hobby	gymnastics
user4622	like_music	the beatles
user4623	previous_profession	nurse
user4623	have_pet	cat
user4623	like_activity	cooking
user4623	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4624	attend_school	alabama university
user4624	have	girlfriend
user4624	misc_attribute	anxious
user4624	like_sports	football
user4625	have	0 parents
user4625	misc_attribute	smart
user4625	favorite_food	steak
user4625	like_activity	travel alone
user4625	dislike	sleeping
user4626	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4626	has_profession	teacher
user4626	like_activity	singing
user4626	like_movie	magic mike
user4627	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user4627	job_status	unemployed
user4627	marital_status	engaged
user4627	physical_attribute	red hair
user4627	has_hobby	dancing
user4628	like_drink	alcohol
user4628	have	cell phone
user4628	member_of	hobby club
user4629	like_activity	swimming
user4629	other	epileptic
user4629	like_read	<blank>
user4629	have_chidren	1 son
user4630	physical_attribute	athletic
user4630	have	friends
user4630	school_status	student
user4630	misc_attribute	distrustful
user4631	like_goto	water
user4631	like_general	audiobookms
user4631	like_general	cartoons
user4631	live_in_general	away from parents
user4632	attend_school	university
user4632	other	no accent
user4632	own	motorcycle
user4632	attend_school	high school
user4633	like_activity	gardening
user4633	gender	male
user4633	like_activity	painting
user4633	like_food	pizza
user4633	favorite_music_artist	ween
user4634	have_chidren	child
user4634	has_profession	teacher
user4634	favorite_color	purple
user4635	have_family	only child
user4635	like_general	red
user4635	school_status	student
user4635	have_pet	dog
user4636	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4636	like_activity	skin care
user4636	like_general	dress up
user4636	dislike	cooking
user4636	misc_attribute	ambitious
user4637	has_profession	design video games
user4637	has_profession	designer
user4637	job_status	unemployed
user4638	favorite_activity	museums
user4638	like_goto	places
user4638	like_music	<blank>
user4638	like_watching	the voice
user4639	misc_attribute	cold
user4639	have_family	adopted
user4639	have_family	only child
user4639	has_hobby	horseback riding
user4640	like_activity	refurbishing
user4640	have	appeared on jeopardy
user4640	misc_attribute	unstable
user4640	other	recovering alcoholic
user4641	employed_by_general	home
user4641	live_in_general	bed
user4641	have_pet	<blank>
user4641	like_activity	video games
user4641	like_activity	social media
user4642	like_activity	drawing
user4642	like_music	all genres
user4642	have_chidren	5 children
user4642	<blank>	<blank>
user4643	like_activity	painting
user4643	has_profession	graphic designer
user4643	marital_status	single
user4643	like_activity	walks on the beach
user4643	favorite_season	spring
user4644	dislike	pretty
user4644	has_hobby	drink beers
user4644	like_activity	fishing
user4644	like_activity	fishing
user4645	favorite_food	steak
user4645	have	a beer
user4645	has_profession	roofer
user4645	like_sports	football
user4645	have_vehicle	truck
user4646	live_in_general	away from parents
user4646	like_goto	water
user4646	like_general	cartoons
user4646	like_general	audiobookms
user4647	other	vegetarian
user4647	has_hobby	reading
user4647	misc_attribute	witty
user4647	like_animal	sharks
user4647	like_activity	dance
user4648	like_activity	cooking
user4648	physical_attribute	curly hair
user4648	like_activity	drawing
user4649	marital_status	married
user4649	have_chidren	2 children
user4649	has_age	30
user4649	have_pet	2 <blank>
user4650	has_profession	construction
user4650	attend_school	university
user4650	favorite_food	ice cream
user4650	has_hobby	traveling
user4651	like_activity	bingo
user4651	have_pet	3 dog
user4651	like_music	jazz
user4651	like_general	my family
user4652	attend_school	graduate school
user4652	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user4652	have_pet	dog
user4652	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user4652	misc_attribute	introvert
user4653	like_activity	guitar
user4653	dislike	caffeine
user4653	job_status	employed
user4654	want	money
user4654	misc_attribute	smart
user4654	have_pet	dog
user4655	physical_attribute	short hair
user4655	favorite_color	yellow
user4655	have	boyfriend
user4655	has_ability	play instrument
user4656	like_animal	chicken
user4656	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4656	place_origin	kansas
user4656	has_ability	drive truck
user4657	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user4657	other	arnold
user4657	has_age	10
user4657	favorite_drink	orange juice
user4657	like_sports	water ski
user4658	like_activity	painting
user4658	has_profession	graphic designer
user4658	favorite_season	spring
user4658	like_activity	walks on the beach
user4659	dislike	work
user4659	other	70 salary
user4659	has_ability	cheap
user4659	own	company
user4660	school_status	student
user4660	like_goto	museum
user4660	other	vegan
user4660	like_goto	dates
user4661	attend_school	college
user4661	has_hobby	ride bike
user4661	like_activity	writing
user4661	have	laptop
user4662	like_activity	skiing
user4662	has_hobby	singing
user4662	favorite_color	yellow
user4663	like_music	any
user4663	employed_by_general	retailer
user4663	like_music	madonna
user4663	like_music	10 concerts
user4664	has_degree	masters
user4664	have_pet	skunk
user4664	have	green nails
user4664	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user4665	own	upholstery shop
user4665	other	mother
user4665	have_chidren	grandchildren
user4665	marital_status	married
user4665	live_in_general	by a lake
user4666	has_ability	2 speak language
user4666	have_chidren	3 children
user4666	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4666	marital_status	married
user4666	like_activity	cooking
user4667	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user4667	place_origin	baltimore
user4667	physical_attribute	thin
user4667	has_profession	0 clerk
user4668	favorite_food	nachos
user4668	dislike	talking to people
user4668	other	imaginative
user4668	like_drink	beverage
user4669	like_food	large meals
user4669	like_sports	swimming
user4669	attend_school	university
user4669	has_hobby	exercise
user4669	misc_attribute	social
user4670	have	girlfriend
user4670	favorite_season	duck hunting
user4670	has_profession	farmer
user4670	have	never flown on an airplane
user4670	like_activity	tailgate parties
user4671	like_food	cheese
user4671	like_activity	travel
user4671	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user4671	employed_by_general	factory
user4672	previous_profession	casino owner
user4672	own	casino
user4672	other	rich
user4672	other	bankrupt
user4672	has_profession	president
user4673	like_activity	dance
user4673	gender	female
user4673	attend_school	preschool
user4673	like_activity	outdoors
user4674	like_music	classical
user4674	like_sports	golf
user4674	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4674	marital_status	married
user4675	has_degree	graduate
user4675	has_profession	coach
user4675	want_do	propose
user4676	have	debt
user4676	like_goto	nature
user4676	like_music	electronic
user4676	want	move to another country
user4677	favorite_food	mexican food
user4677	other	mother
user4677	like_activity	reading
user4677	like_music	the rolling stones
user4677	has_profession	nurse
user4678	like_activity	painting
user4678	has_profession	car salesman
user4678	like_food	meat
user4679	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user4679	has_age	19
user4679	live_in_general	near celebrities
user4679	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user4680	have_vehicle	car
user4680	has_profession	scout
user4680	have	car
user4680	like_food	brunch
user4680	not_have	pet
user4681	like_activity	skin care
user4681	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4681	like_general	dress up
user4681	misc_attribute	ambitious
user4681	dislike	cooking
user4682	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4682	like_music	smooth jazz
user4682	have_pet	dog
user4682	like_general	suits and ties
user4683	attend_school	university
user4683	misc_attribute	flashy
user4683	job_status	unemployed
user4683	want_do	botox
user4684	other	partially blind
user4684	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user4684	has_hobby	volunteering
user4684	has_ability	bird calls
user4684	like_activity	sewing
user4685	school_status	graduated
user4685	have_chidren	3 children
user4685	<blank>	<blank>
user4685	live_in_general	suburbs
user4685	has_profession	teacher
user4686	like_general	family
user4686	marital_status	married
user4686	like_activity	traveling
user4686	gender	female
user4686	like_activity	art projects
user4687	school_status	student
user4687	school_status	student
user4687	want_job	teacher
user4687	like_sports	football
user4688	like_watching	sport
user4688	like_activity	napping
user4688	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user4689	like_read	<blank>
user4689	marital_status	divorced
user4689	employed_by_general	hospital
user4689	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user4690	has_age	30
user4690	have_pet	3 dog
user4690	has_profession	veterinarian
user4690	like_sports	cycling
user4690	other	vegan
user4691	has_hobby	skiing
user4691	has_ability	ski racer
user4691	has_hobby	skiing
user4691	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user4692	like_food	ice cream
user4692	have	0 traveled.
user4692	employed_by_general	dog walker
user4693	have_family	sibling
user4693	like_sports	hockey
user4693	have	friend
user4693	other	has left the country
user4693	attend_school	university
user4694	like_food	home-cooked meals
user4694	like_general	blue
user4694	favorite_show	fantasy
user4694	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user4695	job_status	employed
user4695	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user4695	have	bowled a 300 twice
user4696	marital_status	married
user4696	have_family	<blank>
user4696	has_profession	pediatrician
user4696	misc_attribute	family man
user4696	like_activity	bowling
user4697	<blank>	<blank>
user4697	<blank>	<blank>
user4697	have_pet	dog
user4697	has_ability	play instrument
user4697	like_music	country
user4698	own	olympic medal
user4698	like_food	french fries
user4698	want	medication
user4698	has_hobby	skydiving
user4698	like_music	queens of the stone age
user4699	like_activity	chatting with friends
user4699	like_activity	cooking
user4699	like_food	<blank>
user4699	like_general	children
user4700	has_hobby	tennis
user4700	have_sibling	2 sister
user4700	has_profession	baker
user4700	favorite_show	silicon valley
user4701	like_music	folk
user4701	like_activity	hiking
user4701	own	pink hiking boots
user4701	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user4701	has_profession	in marketing
user4702	favorite_color	green
user4702	want	autographs from authors
user4702	want_job	publishing
user4702	other	used to wear glasses
user4703	attend_school	high school
user4703	misc_attribute	smart
user4703	member_of	other club
user4703	misc_attribute	healthy
user4703	misc_attribute	social
user4704	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4704	employed_by_company	target
user4704	have_pet	dog
user4704	physical_attribute	7"
user4704	like_goto	movie theater
user4705	like_activity	surfing
user4705	has_ability	earn passive income
user4705	like_music	muggers
user4705	have	bizarre dreams
user4705	marital_status	single
user4706	attend_school	university
user4706	has_age	25
user4706	have	name
user4706	have_vehicle	ford
user4707	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user4707	has_hobby	kayaking
user4707	misc_attribute	friendly
user4707	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user4708	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4708	have_pet	cat
user4708	previous_profession	nurse
user4708	like_activity	cooking
user4709	physical_attribute	brunette
user4709	like_goto	outdoors
user4709	live_in_general	ranch
user4709	member_of	other club
user4710	like_activity	outdoors
user4710	gender	female
user4710	favorite_animal	zebra
user4710	attend_school	preschool
user4711	like_general	tall men
user4711	has_hobby	running
user4711	physical_attribute	red hair
user4711	have_pet	2 dog
user4712	like_activity	hiking
user4712	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user4712	dislike	snake
user4712	like_general	red
user4713	has_profession	accountant
user4713	like_general	red
user4713	has_hobby	tennis
user4713	favorite	hamilton
user4713	favorite_food	hamburger
user4714	own	money
user4714	misc_attribute	shallow
user4714	like_goto	outside
user4714	want	pet
user4715	physical_attribute	glasses
user4715	have	problems
user4715	like_animal	animals
user4715	other	eat out for food
user4716	have_family	father
user4716	like_activity	fashion
user4716	have	"drivers license"
user4716	want	to visit rome
user4716	like_music	kurt cobain
user4717	have	beard
user4717	live_in_general	a cold location
user4717	other	viking
user4717	like_activity	fishing
user4718	like_food	vegetables
user4718	misc_attribute	shy
user4718	physical_attribute	allergic
user4718	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user4718	have	trouble connecting with family
user4719	physical_attribute	slow
user4719	have	medical bills
user4719	like_goto	hospital
user4720	has_ability	1 dancing
user4720	has_hobby	ballet
user4720	have	support of my whole family
user4720	want	retire
user4721	dislike	school
user4721	misc_attribute	romantic
user4721	like_activity	walking
user4721	physical_attribute	average american youth
user4721	live_in_general	on lake
user4722	have_pet	3 pets
user4722	want_job	veterinarian
user4722	other	dieting
user4722	like_animal	<blank>
user4723	dislike	basketball
user4723	like_sports	badminton
user4723	dislike	vegetables
user4723	misc_attribute	helpful
user4724	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user4724	favorite_book	science fiction
user4724	has_hobby	football
user4724	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user4724	like_read	fiction
user4725	have_family	parents
user4725	attend_school	in a year
user4725	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user4725	want	any car
user4726	have_pet	cat
user4726	has_ability	speak language
user4726	have	1 blue eye
user4727	misc_attribute	personable
user4727	want_do	<blank>
user4727	misc_attribute	dishonest
user4727	other	has driven race car
user4727	misc_attribute	physical
user4728	like_activity	painting
user4728	want_do	painting
user4728	physical_attribute	blonde
user4728	attend_school	university
user4729	favorite_color	purple
user4729	physical_attribute	blonde
user4729	like_activity	video games
user4729	like_activity	ballet
user4730	have	2 tattoos
user4730	physical_attribute	red hair
user4730	like_activity	recycling
user4730	have_vehicle	van
user4730	other	hippie
user4731	misc_attribute	weak
user4731	misc_attribute	religious
user4731	dislike	evil
user4732	own	olympic medal
user4732	want	medication
user4732	like_food	french fries
user4732	like_music	queens of the stone age
user4732	has_hobby	skydiving
user4733	dislike	city
user4733	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user4733	has_ability	play instrument
user4733	have_sibling	brother
user4734	like_general	grateful dead
user4734	has_profession	cook
user4734	have	terrible singing voice
user4734	has_hobby	hiking
user4734	has_hobby	writing
user4735	like_activity	hiking
user4735	has_profession	farmer
user4735	physical_attribute	1 arm
user4735	have_family	sibling
user4736	school_status	rejected
user4736	has_age	7
user4736	like_sports	soccer
user4737	has_age	20
user4737	gender	transfemale
user4737	like_food	pizza
user4737	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4737	like_general	blue
user4738	have_chidren	3 children
user4738	other	named after my grandmother
user4738	have	friend
user4738	own	honda civic
user4739	favorite_season	fall
user4739	like_food	healthy
user4739	like_activity	sleeping in
user4739	physical_attribute	brunette
user4740	own	car
user4740	like_activity	flying kites
user4740	like_watching	sport
user4740	favorite_sport	rugby
user4740	has_hobby	working out
user4741	physical_attribute	brunette
user4741	physical_attribute	overweight
user4741	like_activity	sewing
user4741	physical_attribute	short
user4741	have_pet	1 cat
user4742	want_do	raise hell
user4742	school_status	student
user4742	misc_attribute	sheltered
user4742	has_age	17
user4742	school_status	student
user4743	employed_by_general	dog walker
user4743	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user4743	have	0 traveled.
user4743	like_food	ice cream
user4744	have_vehicle	car
user4744	favorite	penn and teller
user4744	like_food	lasagna
user4744	have_pet	2 dog
user4744	want_job	astronaut
user4745	like_activity	rpg computer games
user4745	own	inhaler
user4745	has_hobby	tabletop games
user4745	live_in_general	a home
user4746	like_read	horror
user4746	have_pet	3 dog
user4746	like_general	blue
user4746	has_profession	accountant
user4746	like_goto	the lake
user4747	marital_status	married
user4747	like_activity	traveling
user4747	employed_by_general	brewery
user4747	like_drink	32 beer
user4748	have_sibling	sister
user4748	marital_status	engaged
user4748	has_profession	babysitter
user4748	like_food	1 sugar
user4748	have_vehicle	mercedes
user4749	place_origin	england
user4749	have_family	0 mother
user4749	like_activity	camping
user4749	like_general	model building
user4750	live_in_general	small city
user4750	like_activity	cooking
user4750	have_pet	cat
user4750	has_hobby	gardening
user4750	have_chidren	children
user4751	like_activity	singing
user4751	have_pet	cat
user4751	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user4751	has_profession	coffee shop
user4751	school_status	student
user4752	like_activity	shopping
user4752	like_food	burrito
user4752	like_general	shoes
user4752	like_food	pizza
user4752	like_activity	dance
user4753	school_status	student
user4753	misc_attribute	always early
user4753	attend_school	none
user4753	has_profession	volunteering
user4753	school_status	graduate student
user4754	school_status	student
user4754	has_age	20
user4754	employed_by_general	hospital
user4754	has_hobby	1 reading
user4755	has_hobby	community theater
user4755	like_general	love
user4755	school_status	student
user4755	other	parents are doctors
user4756	have_family	grandmother
user4756	dislike	salad
user4756	have_family	mother
user4757	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user4757	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user4757	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user4757	favorite_activity	reading
user4758	school_status	graduated
user4758	other	vegetarian
user4758	like_animal	dog
user4758	like_activity	shopping
user4759	has_hobby	travel
user4759	like_watching	games shows
user4759	misc_attribute	religious
user4759	dislike	green beans
user4760	attend_school	umass
user4760	other	vegan
user4760	like_music	concerts
user4761	have_pet	cat
user4761	like_food	taco
user4761	like_music	funk rock
user4761	like_watching	movies
user4761	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user4762	employed_by_general	factory
user4762	like_music	jazz
user4762	physical_attribute	broke nose
user4762	want	bike
user4763	previous_profession	telemarketer
user4763	dislike	punching clocks
user4763	have	money
user4763	has_hobby	gambling
user4763	like_activity	playing the lottery
user4764	misc_attribute	disbelief
user4764	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4764	other	wiccan
user4765	has_hobby	walking
user4765	like_music	dream theater
user4765	like_activity	reading
user4765	favorite_food	pizza
user4765	like_general	being myself
user4766	have	never
user4766	like_activity	dancing
user4766	want_do	go to europe
user4766	like_activity	shopping
user4766	gender	female
user4767	gender	male
user4767	has_profession	chef
user4767	place_origin	baton rouge
user4768	want_do	vacation
user4768	marital_status	married
user4769	has_age	18
user4769	want_do	major in business
user4769	have_vehicle	car
user4769	have	scholarship
user4770	like_food	fruit
user4770	like_activity	snorkeling
user4770	like_animal	dragon
user4770	like_music	gary numan
user4770	like_general	apple products
user4771	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user4771	want_job	animator
user4771	has_profession	graphic design
user4771	has_profession	designer
user4772	like_general	simple jokes
user4772	like_watching	the flintstones
user4772	like_general	simpler times
user4772	dislike	jokes
user4773	like_sports	water ski
user4773	like_food	macaroni
user4773	has_profession	car maker
user4773	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user4774	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user4774	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user4774	like_general	going to bed late
user4774	has_age	29
user4775	like_read	mystery
user4775	nationality	united states
user4775	like_food	pizza
user4776	like_activity	cooking
user4776	like_activity	travel
user4776	like_music	classical
user4776	has_ability	play instrument
user4776	has_ability	play instrument
user4777	like_general	cold winters
user4777	want	something interesting
user4777	want	to be able to write in cursive
user4777	like_music	strange music
user4777	want	live in iceland
user4778	have_pet	1 lizard
user4778	have_family	only child
user4778	favorite_color	purple
user4778	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user4778	<blank>	plants
user4779	have_vehicle	truck
user4779	like_general	cars
user4779	like_general	ford trucks
user4779	have_vehicle	ford
user4780	like_read	crime
user4780	school_status	graduate student
user4780	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user4781	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user4781	favorite	california love
user4781	have_vehicle	car
user4781	like_music	rap
user4782	has_profession	basketball player
user4782	has_hobby	basketball
user4782	has_profession	basketball player
user4782	attend_school	university of north carolina
user4783	has_hobby	diet
user4783	marital_status	married
user4783	marital_status	married
user4783	other	cant drive
user4783	has_age	32
user4784	marital_status	single
user4784	has_hobby	cycling
user4784	has_profession	waiter
user4785	attend_school	high school
user4785	attend_school	graduate school
user4785	has_hobby	dancing
user4785	have_family	only child
user4786	<blank>	<blank>
user4786	like_activity	cooking
user4786	like_activity	walking
user4786	have_pet	reptile
user4787	want	be alone
user4787	like_general	the library
user4787	like_activity	competition
user4787	misc_attribute	distrustful
user4788	like_food	vegetables
user4788	favorite_food	carrots
user4788	like_activity	gardening
user4789	have_pet	1 dog
user4789	has_ability	play instrument
user4789	want_job	journalist
user4789	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user4789	have	6 shoe size women
user4790	favorite_sport	basketball
user4790	has_hobby	running
user4790	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user4790	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user4790	has_hobby	running
user4791	like_general	blue
user4791	has_hobby	swimming
user4791	like_goto	concerts
user4791	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user4792	want_do	move
user4792	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user4792	like_watching	reality tv
user4792	previous_profession	farmer
user4793	like_food	food with no animal product
user4793	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user4793	employed_by_company	walmart
user4794	have_pet	cat
user4794	want	a real dragon
user4794	like_activity	video games
user4794	own	suspenders
user4795	dislike	country and jazz music
user4795	has_hobby	working out
user4795	favorite_food	italian
user4795	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user4795	favorite_book	middlesex
user4796	like_activity	flying kites
user4796	own	car
user4796	has_hobby	working out
user4796	favorite_sport	rugby
user4797	like_general	blue
user4797	like_food	pizza
user4797	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user4797	has_age	20
user4797	gender	transfemale
user4798	dislike	swimsuits
user4798	favorite_season	winter
user4798	other	am frugal
user4799	gender	male
user4799	misc_attribute	careful
user4799	like_food	sweets
user4799	other	jack of all trades
user4799	misc_attribute	unsociable
user4800	like_goto	festivals
user4800	employed_by_company	online
user4800	like_food	meat
user4800	like_music	the story so far
user4801	favorite_food	french fries
user4801	has_profession	teacher
user4801	like_activity	shopping
user4802	like_activity	cooking
user4802	like_activity	singing
user4802	job_status	employed
user4802	have	girlfriend
user4802	have_family	husband
user4803	own	cape
user4803	like_goto	cinema
user4803	have	hobbies
user4804	favorite_movie	disney movies
user4804	like_sports	soccer
user4804	have_family	parents
user4804	has_profession	waitress
user4805	teach	kindergarten
user4805	school_status	2016 graduated
user4805	has_profession	teacher
user4806	employed_by_general	daycare
user4806	have	a significant other
user4806	school_status	major in business administration
user4807	physical_attribute	red hair
user4807	live_in_general	far from home
user4807	like_food	meat
user4807	has_ability	computer repair
user4808	like_general	being a guy
user4808	have_family	mother
user4808	like_food	burrito
user4808	like_movie	shows
user4808	like_activity	hiking
user4809	other	vegetarian
user4809	has_ability	dance
user4809	like_general	going to bed late
user4809	has_ability	play instrument
user4810	dislike	math
user4810	attend_school	university
user4810	have_pet	dog
user4810	favorite_hobby	dancing
user4810	have_vehicle	lexus
user4811	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user4811	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user4811	has_hobby	gambling
user4812	like_activity	reading
user4812	has_ability	sing many songs
user4812	misc_attribute	happy
user4812	like_music	the lumineers
user4813	like_activity	painting
user4813	like_food	cookies
user4813	school_status	student
user4813	like_food	ice cream
user4814	marital_status	single
user4814	physical_attribute	deaf
user4814	like_sports	tennis
user4814	favorite_place	mall
user4815	like_activity	swimming
user4815	has_hobby	sewing
user4815	like_activity	baking
user4815	employed_by_company	grocery store
user4815	have	garden
user4816	employed_by_general	retailer
user4816	like_movie	django unchained
user4816	own	honda civic
user4816	like_activity	rock climbing
user4816	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user4817	favorite_food	mexican food
user4817	like_music	the rolling stones
user4817	other	mother
user4817	has_profession	nurse
user4818	like_music	guitar
user4818	other	vegan
user4818	like_activity	cycling
user4818	like_music	<blank>
user4818	like_activity	skateboarding
user4819	have_chidren	2 children
user4819	other	parents are teachers
user4819	have_pet	2 cat
user4819	has_hobby	hunting
user4819	like_goto	local animal shelter
user4820	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user4820	has_hobby	fishing
user4820	has_hobby	working out
user4821	have_family	grandmother
user4821	have_family	mother
user4821	school_status	graduated
user4822	favorite_music	country
user4822	like_activity	traveling
user4822	like_food	snack
user4822	physical_attribute	brunette
user4823	like_activity	drawing
user4823	like_drink	tea
user4823	like_food	egg
user4823	like_sports	cycling
user4824	other	orphan
user4824	misc_attribute	clown
user4824	like_general	close friends
user4824	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user4825	have	girlfriend
user4825	like_food	meat
user4825	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user4825	other	veteran
user4826	favorite_food	steak
user4826	own	chevy tahoe
user4826	like_music	rock
user4826	has_ability	not swim
user4827	dislike	riding the bus
user4827	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user4827	job_status	employed
user4828	like_sports	badminton
user4828	dislike	vegetables
user4828	misc_attribute	helpful
user4828	dislike	basketball
user4829	job_status	employed
user4829	favorite_food	hamburgers
user4829	like_watching	comedy
user4829	has_profession	ballerina
user4830	have_pet	3 dog
user4830	have_vehicle	bicycle
user4830	have	blood sugar problems
user4830	dislike	working out
user4831	like_read	harry potter
user4831	has_age	10
user4831	has_hobby	martial arts
user4832	physical_attribute	pink hair
user4832	have_sibling	sibling
user4832	other	allergic to bees
user4832	employed_by_general	hospital
user4832	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user4833	like_food	meat
user4833	like_food	pork
user4833	have	house
user4834	want_job	publishing
user4834	favorite_color	green
user4834	want	autographs from authors
user4834	other	used to wear glasses
user4835	has_hobby	hiking
user4835	like_goto	outdoors
user4835	favorite	pancakes
user4835	marital_status	in a relationship
user4835	has_hobby	biking
user4836	have_pet	1 dog
user4836	dislike	over eating
user4836	dislike	paying bills
user4836	misc_attribute	dull
user4837	physical_attribute	buff
user4837	like_activity	running
user4837	physical_attribute	tall
user4837	has_age	9
user4838	marital_status	married
user4838	have_chidren	3 children
user4838	like_music	the rolling stones
user4838	like_drink	soda
user4839	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user4839	own	hair
user4839	school_status	student
user4840	like_animal	fish
user4840	have_chidren	4 daughter
user4840	has_profession	driver
user4840	like_activity	board games
user4840	has_profession	athlete
user4841	like_drink	soda
user4841	has_hobby	drawing
user4841	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4841	like_watching	scobby doo
user4841	employed_by_general	club
user4842	job_status	employed
user4842	like_sports	basketball
user4842	place_origin	texas
user4842	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user4842	have_chidren	<blank>
user4843	other	deaf man
user4843	like_general	scratching
user4843	dislike	driving
user4843	favorite	number is 7
user4844	have_pet	1 dog
user4844	live_in_general	los angeles
user4844	has_ability	speak language
user4844	has_ability	dance and sing
user4845	has_hobby	watching television
user4845	live_in_general	alone
user4845	favorite_food	hamburger
user4845	like_activity	fishing
user4845	has_profession	mechanic
user4846	misc_attribute	patriotic
user4846	school_status	graduated
user4846	has_profession	finance
user4846	like_food	takeout
user4847	has_age	21
user4847	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user4847	school_status	student
user4847	have_pet	cat
user4847	favorite	rose
user4848	has_profession	accountant
user4848	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user4848	like_sports	running
user4848	have_pet	2 dog
user4848	have_vehicle	car
user4849	member_of	hobby club
user4849	other	cat person
user4849	like_drink	alcohol
user4850	like_general	strangers
user4850	want_do	<blank>
user4850	favorite_animal	monkey
user4850	like_food	honey
user4851	gender	male
user4851	place_origin	baton rouge
user4851	have_pet	parrot
user4852	favorite	rose
user4852	favorite_color	orange
user4852	has_profession	barista
user4852	have_pet	cat
user4852	other	vegan
user4853	physical_attribute	pink hair
user4853	have_sibling	sibling
user4853	other	allergic to bees
user4853	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user4854	like_music	yo gotti
user4854	like_watching	drama
user4854	school_status	student
user4855	has_profession	banker
user4855	misc_attribute	confused
user4855	favorite	iphone
user4855	like_activity	hiking
user4856	marital_status	married
user4856	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user4856	like_music	the rolling stones
user4856	have_chidren	3 children
user4857	has_profession	teacher
user4857	like_movie	magic mike
user4857	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4857	like_activity	video games
user4858	like_food	1 sugar
user4858	marital_status	engaged
user4858	have_sibling	sister
user4858	has_profession	babysitter
user4859	like_watching	the flintstones
user4859	like_general	simpler times
user4859	dislike	jokes
user4859	like_general	simple jokes
user4860	have	nickname
user4860	like_activity	singing
user4860	want	to take over the world
user4860	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user4861	like_activity	going to bars
user4861	like_activity	working out
user4861	like_activity	dating women
user4861	job_status	retired
user4861	like_activity	cooking
user4862	have_chidren	grandchildren
user4862	other	mother
user4862	live_in_general	by a lake
user4862	own	upholstery shop
user4862	marital_status	married
user4863	misc_attribute	healthy
user4863	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user4863	want	cool
user4863	like_activity	working out
user4863	like_sports	soccer
user4864	like_goto	school
user4864	like_activity	running
user4864	physical_attribute	6 tall
user4864	other	tall family.
user4864	like_activity	dancing
user4865	employed_by_general	clinic
user4865	attend_school	dental
user4865	have	tattoos
user4865	have	1 rose tattoo
user4865	like_general	silver
user4866	has_hobby	cooking
user4866	attend_school	graduate school
user4866	school_status	student
user4867	other	am lesbian
user4867	like_goto	comic con
user4867	has_ability	play instrument
user4868	have	house
user4868	other	vegetarian
user4868	like_food	meat
user4868	misc_attribute	lazy
user4869	physical_attribute	red hair
user4869	have_pet	2 dog
user4869	has_hobby	cooking
user4869	has_hobby	running
user4869	like_general	tall men
user4870	like_food	indian cuisine
user4870	want	to adopt a dog
user4870	has_hobby	play
user4870	has_ability	play instrument
user4871	has_profession	0 clerk
user4871	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user4871	place_origin	baltimore
user4872	attend_school	university
user4872	misc_attribute	healthy
user4872	misc_attribute	social
user4872	like_sports	football
user4872	has_hobby	exercise
user4873	like_activity	reading
user4873	other	wrote a book
user4873	misc_attribute	religious
user4873	have_pet	2 dog
user4873	have	0 dates
user4874	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user4874	favorite	donna karen clothes
user4874	has_profession	teacher
user4874	misc_attribute	religious
user4875	like_watching	news
user4875	like_general	activism
user4875	like_read	female authors
user4875	like_general	activist work
user4875	has_profession	legal assistant
user4876	job_status	employed
user4876	other	vegan
user4876	like_goto	beach
user4876	like_read	<blank>
user4877	has_profession	baker
user4877	other	childhood
user4877	has_profession	nurse
user4877	marital_status	married
user4877	like_activity	surfing
user4878	like_food	nachos
user4878	dislike	popcorn
user4878	has_hobby	filmng
user4878	employed_by_general	movie theater
user4879	marital_status	engaged
user4879	like_watching	south park
user4879	has_hobby	baseball
user4879	job_status	employed
user4880	have_pet	dog
user4880	have	tattoos
user4880	like_activity	drinking
user4880	like_animal	dog
user4881	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user4881	has_age	19
user4881	live_in_general	near celebrities
user4882	has_age	25
user4882	like_general	taking her to the park
user4882	live_in_general	apartment
user4882	have_chidren	daughter
user4883	like_activity	working out
user4883	misc_attribute	healthy
user4883	like_sports	soccer
user4883	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user4884	want_do	save money
user4884	like_watching	anime
user4884	has_ability	speak language
user4884	dislike	subtitles
user4885	like_food	cupcakes
user4885	like_general	blue
user4885	physical_attribute	brunette
user4885	like_read	<blank>
user4885	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4886	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user4886	misc_attribute	friendly
user4886	has_hobby	kayaking
user4886	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user4886	want_job	teacher
user4887	like_food	meat
user4887	misc_attribute	lazy
user4887	have	house
user4888	other	allergies
user4888	has_ability	play instrument
user4888	member_of	community center
user4888	physical_attribute	short hair
user4889	job_status	employed
user4889	has_profession	owner
user4889	own	consulting firm
user4889	job_status	employed
user4889	has_ability	lucky
user4890	have_pet	2 dog
user4890	like_read	crime
user4890	like_general	brothers
user4890	has_profession	receptionist
user4891	like_activity	saving
user4891	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user4891	employed_by_general	bar
user4891	has_hobby	skiing
user4891	like_music	blues
user4892	like_general	blue
user4892	have_pet	5 cat
user4892	nationality	british
user4893	has_profession	make robots
user4893	have	bas social life
user4893	like_general	going to bed late
user4893	like_food	chinese
user4894	like_food	fast food
user4894	like_activity	cleaning
user4894	has_hobby	watching movies
user4894	misc_attribute	tired
user4895	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user4895	like_general	kids
user4895	misc_attribute	overeat
user4895	has_profession	teacher
user4896	has_hobby	musician
user4896	own	music store
user4896	other	like to help animals
user4897	want_job	entrepreneur
user4897	like_activity	politics
user4897	have_vehicle	car
user4897	like_activity	hanging out
user4898	like_food	candy
user4898	attend_school	university
user4898	have	t-shirt and jeans
user4898	have	crush
user4898	has_hobby	skateboarding
user4899	has_ability	0 run very fast
user4899	favorite_drink	coffee
user4899	have_vehicle	car
user4899	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user4900	like_activity	video games
user4900	like_movie	magic mike
user4900	like_activity	singing
user4900	has_profession	teacher
user4900	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4901	own	car
user4901	like_activity	flying kites
user4901	favorite_sport	rugby
user4901	has_hobby	working out
user4902	misc_attribute	happy
user4902	has_hobby	knitting
user4902	like_activity	go to lake
user4902	like_music	<blank>
user4903	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user4903	dislike	riding the bus
user4903	like_general	littlest things
user4904	has_profession	baseball player
user4904	has_ability	play instrument
user4904	favorite_color	green
user4904	like_read	history
user4905	misc_attribute	content
user4905	misc_attribute	shy
user4905	like_activity	singing
user4905	have_pet	dog
user4906	like_food	apple
user4906	dislike	meat
user4906	like_food	apple
user4906	favorite_food	apple
user4906	like_food	fruit
user4907	like_sports	sports
user4907	like_sports	baseball
user4907	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user4907	employed_by_general	government
user4908	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user4908	have	90000 dollars
user4908	other	am lonely
user4908	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user4908	want_do	10 own horses
user4909	has_age	10
user4909	favorite_drink	orange juice
user4909	other	arnold
user4909	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user4910	has_profession	teacher
user4910	place_origin	church
user4910	have_chidren	child
user4911	own	2 laptops
user4911	like_food	chocolate
user4911	like_watching	anime
user4911	has_hobby	gardening
user4912	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user4912	dislike	coffee
user4912	has_profession	finance
user4912	live_in_general	apartment
user4912	like_sports	soccer
user4913	like_activity	dancing
user4913	gender	female
user4913	like_activity	shopping
user4913	want_do	go to europe
user4914	like_activity	basketball
user4914	like_music	perfect playlist
user4914	like_activity	shopping
user4914	like_general	the night
user4914	have	phone
user4915	attend_school	university
user4915	like_sports	skiing
user4915	has_hobby	traveling
user4915	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user4915	favorite_music	rock
user4916	like_activity	fishing
user4916	misc_attribute	simple
user4916	dislike	pretty
user4916	like_activity	fishing
user4917	like_music	blues
user4917	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user4917	other	chinese
user4917	like_general	prince
user4917	has_ability	2 speak language
user4918	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user4918	job_status	employed
user4918	has_ability	not swim
user4918	other	catholic
user4919	misc_attribute	overeat
user4919	misc_attribute	organized
user4919	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user4919	like_general	kids
user4919	has_profession	teacher
user4920	has_hobby	volunteer
user4920	has_profession	teacher
user4920	has_hobby	yoga
user4920	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user4920	marital_status	married
user4921	has_profession	teacher
user4921	want_do	travel
user4921	like_activity	walking
user4922	other	flew out of country
user4922	attend_school	university
user4922	have_family	1 sibling
user4923	like_activity	walking
user4923	want_do	travel
user4923	has_profession	teacher
user4923	job_status	retired
user4924	school_status	student
user4924	has_profession	volunteering
user4924	attend_school	none
user4924	school_status	graduate student
user4925	want_do	<blank>
user4925	like_general	strangers
user4925	like_food	honey
user4925	favorite_animal	monkey
user4926	like_activity	hunting
user4926	dislike	broccoli
user4926	have_pet	2 dog
user4926	has_profession	police
user4926	<blank>	<blank>
user4927	has_ability	brewing
user4927	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user4927	other	gay
user4927	like_activity	making coffee
user4928	like_goto	animal shelters
user4928	like_animal	<blank>
user4928	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user4928	like_watching	animals
user4929	want	faster computer
user4929	dislike	summer
user4929	like_activity	standing in the rain
user4930	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user4930	has_ability	singing
user4930	has_profession	actor
user4930	want_job	writer
user4931	physical_attribute	brunette
user4931	has_profession	author
user4931	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user4931	like_watching	youtube
user4931	like_activity	sleeping
user4932	like_music	the rolling stones
user4932	dislike	caffeine
user4932	job_status	employed
user4932	like_activity	guitar
user4933	job_status	employed
user4933	physical_attribute	purple hair
user4934	like_activity	shopping
user4934	live_in_general	small town
user4934	want_job	nurse
user4935	employed_by_general	factory
user4935	like_music	jazz
user4935	favorite_place	seattle
user4935	physical_attribute	broke nose
user4935	want	bike
user4936	like_activity	cooking
user4936	attend_school	classes
user4936	misc_attribute	talent
user4936	has_hobby	cooking
user4936	job_status	unemployed
user4937	like_read	books
user4937	school_status	student
user4937	like_read	1984
user4937	attend_school	university
user4938	like_activity	reading
user4938	like_music	dream theater
user4938	like_activity	walking
user4938	like_general	being myself
user4938	favorite_food	pizza
user4939	misc_attribute	savage
user4939	has_ability	not technology
user4939	misc_attribute	depressed
user4939	like_general	place
user4940	like_activity	sleeping in
user4940	have_sibling	2 brother
user4940	misc_attribute	romantic
user4940	other	vegan
user4941	want_do	photography
user4941	place_origin	austin
user4941	like_activity	cooking
user4941	like_general	social media
user4942	like_goto	grocery store
user4942	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user4942	employed_by_general	gas station
user4942	has_profession	salesman
user4943	live_in_general	city
user4943	place_origin	upstate
user4943	employed_by_general	bank
user4943	attend_school	university
user4944	like_activity	reading
user4944	has_profession	librarian
user4944	have_pet	2 cat
user4944	have_pet	cat
user4944	like_food	tuna
user4945	physical_attribute	overweight
user4945	physical_attribute	short
user4945	like_activity	sewing
user4945	have_pet	1 cat
user4946	favorite_show	face off
user4946	misc_attribute	organized
user4946	have_chidren	children
user4946	like_activity	cooking
user4946	like_activity	running
user4947	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user4947	has_hobby	surfing
user4947	want_do	eat: insect
user4947	like_music	jason mraz
user4948	like_food	meat
user4948	has_degree	0 college
user4948	like_general	desert
user4948	physical_attribute	eyes
user4949	favorite	auto
user4949	like_music	classical
user4949	like_goto	opera
user4949	physical_attribute	6 tall
user4949	like_goto	paris
user4950	favorite_food	pizza
user4950	has_hobby	walking
user4950	like_activity	reading
user4950	like_general	being myself
user4951	employed_by_general	<blank>
user4951	like_food	italian cuisine
user4951	has_hobby	yoga
user4951	like_goto	italy
user4951	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user4952	like_food	food with no animal product
user4952	employed_by_general	grocery store
user4952	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user4952	other	help with bookeeping
user4953	own	purse
user4953	physical_attribute	olive
user4953	other	wear glasses
user4953	have	green eyes
user4953	want_job	librarian
user4954	like_read	history
user4954	has_profession	teacher
user4954	like_activity	dance
user4954	place_origin	new hampshire
user4955	like_food	sugar
user4955	like_activity	rollerblading
user4955	like_sports	hockey
user4955	want_do	eating
user4956	has_profession	teacher
user4956	like_drink	coffee
user4956	have_sibling	twin sister
user4956	has_hobby	yoga
user4956	like_food	chocolate
user4957	like_activity	rock climbing
user4957	like_food	gluten free
user4957	has_profession	writer
user4957	have_pet	1 dog
user4957	physical_attribute	hair is black
user4958	like_read	<blank>
user4958	like_general	blue
user4958	like_food	cupcakes
user4958	physical_attribute	brunette
user4959	want_do	photography
user4959	like_activity	cooking
user4959	misc_attribute	upset
user4959	place_origin	austin
user4960	like_activity	fishing
user4960	have	5 grandchildren
user4960	<blank>	<blank>
user4960	gender	70 male
user4961	has_hobby	1 reading
user4961	employed_by_general	hospital
user4961	like_food	pasta
user4961	has_age	20
user4962	have_chidren	4 daughter
user4962	like_food	cake
user4962	have_pet	2 dog
user4962	has_ability	play instrument
user4962	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user4963	favorite_food	jello
user4963	like_activity	card game
user4963	have_pet	4 pet
user4963	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user4964	have_vehicle	ford
user4964	dislike	holidays
user4964	own	guns
user4964	has_profession	police
user4964	marital_status	3 married
user4965	has_hobby	walking
user4965	other	saw a solar eclipse
user4965	have	high speed internet
user4965	has_hobby	chess
user4966	like_activity	zumba
user4966	like_food	beans
user4966	like_general	huge paintings.
user4966	like_activity	collecting rocks
user4967	dislike	heights
user4967	have_family	1 twins
user4967	has_ability	play instrument
user4967	have	been cheated on
user4968	like_general	her
user4968	want	happy
user4968	like_activity	dressing up
user4969	favorite	school subject
user4969	like_sports	soccer
user4969	have_sibling	sister
user4969	have_pet	dog
user4970	misc_attribute	practical
user4970	dislike	bread
user4971	employed_by_general	movie theater
user4971	dislike	popcorn
user4971	like_food	nachos
user4971	has_hobby	jogging
user4972	gender	female
user4972	like_general	family
user4972	marital_status	married
user4972	like_activity	traveling
user4973	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user4973	own	personal religion
user4973	have_pet	4 dog
user4973	other	believe in ghosts
user4973	have_vehicle	convertible
user4974	has_profession	doctor
user4974	like_read	<blank>
user4974	like_animal	dog
user4974	marital_status	single
user4975	live_in_general	with parents
user4975	has_hobby	video games
user4975	has_age	32
user4975	like_food	take out
user4975	dislike	job
user4976	has_profession	doctor
user4976	employed_by_general	hospital
user4976	like_goto	beach
user4976	live_in_general	large home
user4977	favorite_drink	coffee
user4977	physical_attribute	skinny
user4977	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user4977	has_ability	0 run very fast
user4978	employed_by_general	military
user4978	has_hobby	wrestling
user4978	like_general	blue
user4978	have_chidren	1 son
user4978	has_age	25
user4979	like_watching	disney movies
user4979	like_activity	dance
user4979	attend_school	high school
user4980	other	can sim very quickly
user4980	own	trophies
user4980	like_activity	singing
user4980	like_activity	running
user4981	like_animal	dog
user4981	has_hobby	writing
user4981	want	corvette
user4981	marital_status	divorced
user4982	like_animal	animals
user4982	employed_by_general	theater
user4982	marital_status	engaged
user4983	has_ability	play instrument
user4983	like_general	going to bed late
user4983	like_activity	singing
user4983	other	vegetarian
user4984	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user4984	favorite_music_artist	muse
user4984	employed_by_company	walmart
user4984	like_food	food with no animal product
user4985	want_job	casino manager
user4985	have_chidren	3 children
user4985	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user4985	has_ability	card countin
user4986	other	am a student
user4986	want_job	musician
user4987	physical_attribute	tall
user4987	employed_by_company	ibm
user4987	job_status	not a basketball player
user4987	want_do	retire
user4987	like_music	the rolling stones
user4988	like_activity	working out
user4988	have_pet	dog
user4988	like_activity	bathing
user4989	has_profession	national guard officer
user4989	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user4989	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user4989	like_food	fast
user4989	like_general	weather
user4990	misc_attribute	helpful
user4990	dislike	vegetables
user4990	like_sports	badminton
user4990	dislike	basketball
user4991	like_general	clothes
user4991	has_profession	cashier
user4991	like_general	cold weather
user4991	like_food	non-gmo
user4991	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user4992	marital_status	engaged
user4992	other	profession
user4992	have_sibling	3 sibling
user4992	have_vehicle	mercedes
user4992	like_food	1 sugar
user4993	other	carnivore
user4993	like_activity	video games
user4993	other	gay
user4993	has_profession	welder
user4994	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user4994	want	pot bellied pig
user4994	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user4994	like_read	anne of green gables
user4995	other	sexual identity
user4995	misc_attribute	confused
user4995	gender	different
user4995	misc_attribute	insecure
user4996	have	vacation home
user4996	have_chidren	2 children
user4996	have_vehicle	suv
user4996	has_degree	law
user4997	misc_attribute	practical
user4997	dislike	bread
user4998	has_hobby	volunteering
user4998	dislike	country
user4998	other	terrible speller
user4998	physical_attribute	blonde
user4998	has_hobby	dancing
user4999	other	vegan
user4999	have	tattoo
user4999	like_music	concerts
user4999	attend_school	umass
user5000	has_ability	play instrument
user5000	own	cds
user5000	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user5000	like_general	furniture
user5001	have	large mustache
user5001	other	recovering alcoholic
user5001	previous_profession	reporter
user5001	live_in_general	condo
user5002	has_profession	scientist
user5002	have_chidren	3 children
user5002	want	go to mars
user5002	has_hobby	martial arts
user5002	has_hobby	art
user5003	like_animal	dog
user5003	like_music	indie
user5003	want_job	teacher
user5003	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user5004	have_pet	3 iguana
user5004	like_animal	dog
user5004	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user5004	other	poor
user5004	have_sibling	brother
user5005	has_hobby	martial arts
user5005	like_activity	singing
user5005	has_profession	businessman
user5005	have_chidren	2 children
user5006	like_activity	hunting
user5006	has_profession	police
user5006	<blank>	<blank>
user5006	dislike	broccoli
user5006	have_pet	2 dog
user5007	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user5007	own	hair
user5007	school_status	student
user5007	like_animal	lizard
user5007	misc_attribute	lonely
user5008	like_music	folk
user5008	like_activity	hiking
user5008	own	pink hiking boots
user5008	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user5008	has_profession	in marketing
user5009	other	free spirit
user5009	like_general	family and fun
user5009	dislike	working
user5010	like_goto	foreign countries
user5010	have_pet	3 cat
user5010	physical_attribute	blonde
user5010	like_activity	dancing
user5010	have_family	only child
user5011	have	brown belt
user5011	have_family	grandmother
user5012	other	premature
user5012	have_sibling	1 sister
user5012	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user5013	like_animal	dog
user5013	like_activity	walking
user5013	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user5013	like_general	baking
user5014	favorite_food	nachos
user5014	like_drink	beverage
user5014	has_hobby	d&d
user5014	dislike	talking to people
user5014	other	imaginative
user5015	attend_school	university
user5015	school_status	student
user5015	like_read	1984
user5015	like_read	books
user5016	have	few friends
user5016	has_hobby	reading
user5016	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user5016	like_goto	park
user5016	employed_by_general	museum
user5017	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user5017	like_activity	sleeping
user5017	like_watching	youtube
user5017	physical_attribute	brunette
user5018	like_animal	unicorn
user5018	want_do	<blank>
user5018	has_ability	playing pool
user5018	teach	arts
user5019	like_general	<blank>
user5019	like_activity	skateboarding
user5019	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user5019	own	30 shoes
user5019	have_pet	4 cat
user5020	like_food	healthy
user5020	like_activity	sleeping in
user5020	favorite_season	fall
user5020	physical_attribute	brunette
user5020	marital_status	not married
user5021	have_chidren	children
user5021	gender	female
user5022	have_chidren	2 son
user5022	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user5022	like_music	metal
user5022	has_profession	teacher
user5022	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user5023	have_pet	2 cat
user5023	like_activity	walking
user5023	place_origin	mexico
user5023	like_activity	baking
user5024	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user5024	favorite_food	italian
user5024	like_watching	netflix
user5025	like_movie	gone with the wind
user5025	like_general	red
user5025	<blank>	<blank>
user5025	physical_attribute	purple hair
user5025	have_pet	2 reptile
user5026	misc_attribute	happy
user5026	like_activity	cooking
user5026	like_animal	dog
user5026	<blank>	<blank>
user5027	have_sibling	twin sister
user5027	marital_status	married
user5027	favorite_food	fried chicken
user5028	like_activity	drawing
user5028	have_chidren	5 children
user5028	like_general	gadgets
user5028	like_general	babies
user5029	want	happy
user5029	want	procedures
user5029	like_activity	dressing up
user5029	like_general	her
user5030	like_activity	spending time with family
user5030	favorite	chevy duramax
user5030	dislike	vegetables
user5030	has_hobby	running
user5030	favorite_place	american eagle
user5031	physical_attribute	tall
user5031	like_activity	running
user5031	like_sports	hockey
user5031	physical_attribute	asthma
user5032	like_music	rock
user5032	has_ability	not swim
user5032	favorite_food	steak
user5033	have_chidren	children
user5033	have_pet	cat
user5033	like_activity	cooking
user5033	has_hobby	gardening
user5034	like_animal	cat
user5034	like_activity	travel
user5034	favorite_color	green
user5034	job_status	employed
user5035	like_activity	working out
user5035	like_activity	watching
user5035	like_animal	animals
user5036	has_ability	play instrument
user5036	<blank>	<blank>
user5036	like_music	country
user5036	<blank>	<blank>
user5036	have_pet	dog
user5037	has_ability	play instrument
user5037	like_activity	video games
user5037	other	carnivore
user5037	has_profession	welder
user5038	misc_attribute	funny
user5038	like_food	candy
user5038	has_profession	package delivery
user5038	have_vehicle	honda
user5038	have_pet	3 cat
user5039	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user5039	has_hobby	camping
user5039	like_activity	horseback riding
user5039	have_chidren	2 son
user5040	dislike	alcohol
user5040	misc_attribute	anxious
user5040	have	girlfriend
user5040	attend_school	alabama university
user5041	like_activity	smoking
user5041	marital_status	5 divorced
user5041	like_food	eggplant
user5041	misc_attribute	competitive
user5042	has_hobby	walking
user5042	employed_by_general	fast food
user5042	has_hobby	martial arts
user5042	have	something purple
user5043	like_activity	video games
user5043	misc_attribute	family attention
user5043	like_general	exclamation marks
user5043	have_pet	2 cat
user5044	has_hobby	blogging
user5044	have_family	mother
user5044	like_general	line drying clothing
user5044	want	ferret
user5044	other	allergies
user5045	live_in_general	city
user5045	misc_attribute	helpful
user5045	like_goto	market
user5046	place_origin	tennessee
user5046	like_music	charlie daniels
user5046	have_pet	dog
user5046	has_hobby	fishing
user5046	marital_status	married
user5047	attend_school	university
user5047	employed_by_general	bank
user5047	live_in_general	city
user5047	place_origin	upstate
user5048	has_hobby	listens
user5048	not_have	car
user5048	favorite_color	purple
user5048	live_in_general	park
user5048	not_have	child
user5049	physical_attribute	tall
user5049	have_vehicle	ford
user5049	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user5049	have	hair
user5049	dislike	country
user5050	like_read	crime
user5050	attend_school	graduate school
user5050	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user5051	like_general	children
user5051	has_age	22
user5051	job_status	employed
user5051	job_status	employed
user5051	has_degree	education
user5052	favorite_food	sushi
user5052	has_degree	nursing
user5053	have	no money
user5053	marital_status	single
user5053	like_general	cher
user5053	like_general	purple
user5054	favorite_color	green
user5054	like_goto	park
user5054	like_sports	running
user5054	job_status	employed
user5055	like_activity	rock climbing
user5055	other	mother 2 daughters
user5055	misc_attribute	frustrated
user5055	misc_attribute	people person
user5056	has_profession	graphic design
user5056	want_job	animator
user5056	has_profession	designer
user5056	like_music	classical
user5056	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user5057	own	large ax
user5057	has_hobby	fishing
user5057	like_food	pancakes
user5057	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user5058	previous_profession	marine
user5058	other	vegetarian
user5058	like_activity	writing
user5058	has_hobby	reading
user5059	like_food	italian cuisine
user5059	other	east asian
user5059	misc_attribute	healthy
user5059	other	tom
user5060	have_sibling	6 brother
user5060	has_profession	aquarium builder
user5060	have_family	brother-in-law
user5061	other	carnivore
user5061	like_sports	running
user5061	favorite_music_artist	creed
user5061	have	welfare
user5062	like_food	pumpkins
user5062	favorite	third-party softtware
user5062	have_pet	dog
user5062	like_activity	watching videos
user5063	like_activity	video games
user5063	school_status	will study computer science
user5063	other	vegetarian
user5063	school_status	graduated
user5064	other	democrat
user5064	misc_attribute	confident
user5064	like_food	fish
user5065	physical_attribute	allergic
user5065	like_general	having my back scratched
user5065	have	1 shoes
user5065	favorite	eat at restaurant
user5066	has_hobby	tennis
user5066	favorite_food	hamburger
user5066	has_profession	accountant
user5066	favorite	hamilton
user5067	place_origin	california
user5067	like_activity	shopping
user5067	school_status	student
user5067	like_general	recycling
user5068	want	something interesting
user5068	want	to be able to write in cursive
user5068	like_general	cold winters
user5068	like_music	strange music
user5068	want	live in iceland
user5069	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user5069	misc_attribute	night owl
user5069	school_status	graduate student
user5069	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user5069	favorite_animal	pug
user5070	like_activity	music
user5070	like_general	mother
user5070	like_watching	greys anatomy
user5070	misc_attribute	organized
user5070	attend_school	high school
user5071	favorite_show	fantasy
user5071	like_general	blue
user5071	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user5072	school_status	graduate student
user5072	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user5072	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user5072	like_read	crime
user5073	gender	male
user5073	have_pet	doberman
user5073	has_profession	mechanic
user5073	has_age	25
user5074	like_activity	bowling
user5074	has_profession	pediatrician
user5074	misc_attribute	family man
user5074	marital_status	married
user5074	have_family	<blank>
user5075	has_profession	accountant
user5075	have_vehicle	car
user5075	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user5075	have_pet	2 dog
user5076	like_general	place
user5076	want_do	travel
user5076	have_pet	2 dog
user5076	other	wild child
user5076	favorite_color	red
user5077	employed_by_general	<blank>
user5077	like_goto	italy
user5077	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user5077	has_hobby	yoga
user5077	like_food	italian cuisine
user5078	favorite_hobby	chess
user5078	have	pink hair
user5078	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user5078	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user5078	has_hobby	fencing
user5079	has_ability	play instrument
user5079	has_hobby	fishing
user5079	dislike	fast food
user5079	own	george foreman grill
user5079	like_activity	go karting
user5080	school_status	did not graduate
user5080	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user5081	employed_by_general	newspaper
user5081	marital_status	single
user5081	favorite_color	grey
user5081	like_activity	yoga
user5082	has_profession	teacher
user5082	place_origin	church
user5082	favorite_color	purple
user5082	have_chidren	child
user5083	like_music	country
user5083	like_sports	surfing
user5083	previous_profession	clown
user5084	like_food	nachos
user5084	employed_by_general	movie theater
user5084	dislike	popcorn
user5085	like_food	pasta
user5085	like_activity	painting
user5085	school_status	student
user5085	like_food	ice cream
user5086	<blank>	travel
user5086	like_activity	travel
user5087	employed_by_general	distributor
user5087	marital_status	married
user5087	have_chidren	toddler
user5087	like_music	taylor swift
user5088	like_general	place
user5088	has_ability	not technology
user5088	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user5088	misc_attribute	savage
user5089	school_status	student
user5089	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user5089	like_read	books
user5089	like_read	1984
user5090	attend_school	university
user5090	want_do	raise hell
user5090	school_status	student
user5090	misc_attribute	sheltered
user5090	has_age	17
user5091	has_hobby	baseball
user5091	favorite	mike trout
user5091	has_age	19
user5091	like_sports	baseball
user5091	has_hobby	baseball
user5092	want_job	teacher
user5092	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user5092	attend_school	university
user5093	dislike	salad
user5093	school_status	graduated
user5093	have_family	mother
user5094	has_profession	freelance accountant
user5094	like_goto	florida
user5094	other	mild ocd
user5094	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user5095	school_status	graduated
user5095	have_family	sibling
user5095	like_activity	hiking
user5095	physical_attribute	1 arm
user5096	job_status	internship
user5096	have_pet	reptile
user5096	want_do	skydiving
user5096	other	character
user5097	has_hobby	hiking
user5097	like_activity	relieving myself
user5097	like_general	canadian women
user5098	misc_attribute	artistic
user5098	dislike	people
user5098	attend_school	homeschool
user5098	like_animal	<blank>
user5099	have_chidren	2 son
user5099	like_activity	horseback riding
user5099	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user5099	has_hobby	camping
user5100	favorite_activity	reading
user5100	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user5100	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user5100	like_food	spaghetti
user5100	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user5101	has_age	77
user5101	like_watching	british
user5101	have	2 grandchildren
user5101	like_animal	animals
user5102	want_job	explorer
user5102	like_goto	india
user5102	has_profession	athlete
user5102	like_general	blue
user5103	have_family	sibling
user5103	has_hobby	geocache
user5103	like_food	chocolate
user5103	has_profession	psychologist
user5104	misc_attribute	talent
user5104	misc_attribute	persistent
user5104	attend_school	classes
user5104	has_hobby	cooking
user5104	like_activity	cooking
user5105	like_goto	league
user5105	misc_attribute	determined
user5105	has_hobby	football
user5105	member_of	sports team
user5106	has_hobby	reading
user5106	has_profession	teacher
user5106	other	sarah
user5106	has_profession	teacher
user5107	want_job	baker
user5107	has_hobby	volunteer
user5107	like_activity	cooking
user5108	like_food	strawberry
user5108	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user5108	like_goto	beach
user5108	have_pet	2 cat
user5108	like_food	food with no animal product
user5109	place_origin	kentucky
user5109	like_read	<blank>
user5109	has_hobby	gardening
user5109	like_read	<blank>
user5110	misc_attribute	am happy
user5110	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user5110	has_profession	waitress
user5110	dislike	fashion
user5111	has_profession	baker
user5111	have_family	wife
user5111	have_chidren	children
user5111	want_do	retire
user5112	like_general	blue
user5112	has_hobby	wrestling
user5112	has_age	25
user5112	have_chidren	1 son
user5112	employed_by_general	military
user5113	like_food	lasagna
user5113	have_vehicle	car
user5113	have_pet	2 dog
user5113	favorite	penn and teller
user5113	want_job	astronaut
user5114	has_hobby	collecting
user5114	misc_attribute	argumentative
user5114	misc_attribute	lust
user5114	like_food	cakes
user5114	physical_attribute	hears voices
user5115	like_activity	painting
user5115	have_pet	23 cat
user5115	other	vegan
user5115	dislike	fish
user5115	has_hobby	traveling
user5116	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user5116	have	10 tattoos
user5116	has_hobby	driving
user5116	has_age	adult
user5117	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user5117	like_goto	walmart
user5117	like_animal	cat
user5117	favorite_season	winter
user5117	misc_attribute	excited
user5118	has_hobby	cycling
user5118	has_profession	waiter
user5118	marital_status	single
user5119	has_age	25
user5119	attend_school	university
user5119	have	name
user5119	has_ability	play instrument
user5119	have_vehicle	ford
user5120	marital_status	single
user5120	have	bas social life
user5120	like_food	chinese
user5120	like_general	going to bed late
user5120	has_profession	make robots
user5121	like_activity	skiing
user5121	favorite_place	florida
user5121	favorite_color	yellow
user5122	like_activity	fishing
user5122	live_in_general	alone
user5122	favorite_food	hamburger
user5122	has_hobby	watching television
user5123	has_hobby	football
user5123	misc_attribute	determined
user5123	has_hobby	football
user5123	member_of	sports team
user5123	like_goto	league
user5124	like_watching	surgery
user5124	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user5124	like_activity	traveling
user5124	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user5125	have_family	2 children
user5125	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user5125	like_food	kale
user5125	want	more iron in my diet
user5125	have_pet	2 cat
user5126	favorite_movie	good burger
user5126	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user5126	like_activity	whittling
user5126	other	carnivore
user5127	own	0 television
user5127	has_hobby	photography
user5127	has_profession	lawyer
user5127	live_in_general	mountains
user5128	attend_school	homeschool
user5128	like_animal	<blank>
user5128	misc_attribute	artistic
user5128	dislike	people
user5128	has_ability	scream
user5129	favorite_color	orange
user5129	like_watching	sport
user5129	dislike	running
user5129	have_chidren	child
user5129	have_pet	2 cat
user5130	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user5130	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user5130	have	pink hair
user5130	favorite_hobby	chess
user5131	want_do	drugs
user5131	like_activity	living in texas
user5131	like_music	ke ha
user5131	have	friend
user5132	want_do	<blank>
user5132	has_hobby	writing
user5132	favorite_color	black
user5132	like_activity	singing
user5133	physical_attribute	overweight
user5133	physical_attribute	attractive
user5133	want	attractive
user5133	like_activity	eating
user5133	other	mother
user5134	misc_attribute	unstable
user5134	misc_attribute	passionate
user5134	want	voice
user5134	misc_attribute	old soul
user5134	physical_attribute	have back pain
user5135	have	laptop
user5135	own	glasses
user5135	attend_school	college
user5135	has_ability	ride
user5136	has_hobby	football
user5136	like_activity	running
user5136	like_general	politics
user5136	marital_status	married
user5136	employed_by_general	candy store
user5137	like_activity	fishing
user5137	have_pet	dog
user5137	has_hobby	boat making
user5137	live_in_general	island
user5138	have	0 dates
user5138	like_activity	reading
user5138	other	wrote a book
user5138	misc_attribute	religious
user5138	have_pet	2 dog
user5139	like_activity	larp
user5139	physical_attribute	tall
user5139	has_profession	designer
user5139	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user5139	physical_attribute	overweight
user5140	have_family	parents
user5140	favorite_movie	disney movies
user5140	has_hobby	reading
user5140	has_profession	waitress
user5140	like_sports	soccer
user5141	employed_by_general	hospital
user5141	has_hobby	boating
user5141	like_goto	beach
user5141	has_profession	doctor
user5141	live_in_general	large home
user5142	like_activity	working out
user5142	marital_status	engaged
user5142	has_profession	writer
user5143	have_vehicle	car
user5143	like_activity	politics
user5143	like_activity	hanging out
user5143	want_job	entrepreneur
user5143	like_sports	fan
user5144	like_food	chocolate
user5144	like_watching	anime
user5144	has_hobby	gardening
user5144	own	2 laptops
user5145	other	eat less meat than usual
user5145	have	homes
user5145	like_activity	horseback riding
user5145	like_activity	riding
user5145	like_general	cars
user5146	like_activity	cycling
user5146	like_general	reduit
user5146	like_general	blue
user5146	has_profession	salesman
user5146	have	condo
user5147	have	personal trainer
user5147	like_general	religion
user5147	like_sports	bicycling
user5147	teach	kids
user5147	have_pet	3 dog
user5148	like_general	sunny day
user5148	like_general	winning
user5148	misc_attribute	smart
user5148	misc_attribute	not obligated
user5149	has_ability	speak language
user5149	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user5149	own	an edged weapon
user5149	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user5150	like_watching	horror
user5150	<blank>	seeking employment
user5150	has_ability	play instrument
user5150	have_family	grandmother
user5151	has_ability	single
user5151	own	ebooks
user5151	like_general	iphone
user5151	own	2 monitors
user5151	like_movie	superhero
user5152	have_pet	parrot
user5152	place_origin	baton rouge
user5152	gender	male
user5152	has_profession	chef
user5153	like_watching	tv
user5153	other	vegetarian
user5153	like_activity	reading
user5153	favorite_book	harry potter books
user5153	like_activity	reading
user5154	like_music	queens of the stone age
user5154	want	medication
user5154	has_hobby	skydiving
user5154	own	olympic medal
user5154	like_food	french fries
user5155	like_food	home-cooked meals
user5155	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user5155	favorite_show	fantasy
user5156	other	six months to live
user5156	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user5156	like_food	fried
user5156	other	allergic
user5157	like_activity	painting
user5157	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user5157	has_ability	singing
user5157	want_job	writer
user5157	has_profession	actor
user5158	like_goto	comic con
user5158	has_ability	play instrument
user5158	other	am lesbian
user5158	has_profession	writer
user5159	like_sports	volley ball
user5159	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user5159	like_food	pickled eggs
user5159	like_activity	hiking
user5159	like_activity	doing nails
user5160	has_profession	actor
user5160	want_job	writer
user5160	like_activity	painting
user5160	has_ability	singing
user5160	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user5161	like_activity	zumba
user5161	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user5161	like_general	huge paintings.
user5161	like_activity	collecting rocks
user5161	like_food	beans
user5162	other	lost jewelry
user5162	job_status	unemployed
user5162	like_activity	getting nails done
user5162	like_drink	expensive wine
user5162	have_pet	dog
user5163	like_general	dolls
user5163	like_music	jazz
user5163	like_general	things
user5163	like_general	antiques
user5164	employed_by_general	hotel
user5164	like_food	junk food
user5164	like_activity	video games
user5164	has_hobby	writing
user5164	favorite_music	pop
user5165	has_profession	waiter
user5165	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user5165	favorite	rose
user5165	have_chidren	daughter
user5165	school_status	student
user5166	misc_attribute	crazy
user5166	dislike	death
user5166	has_ability	bad lying
user5166	like_activity	making people smile
user5166	like_activity	filming
user5167	has_profession	veterinarian
user5167	favorite_book	stephen king
user5167	like_activity	reading
user5167	other	christian
user5168	like_activity	hiking
user5168	like_sports	volley ball
user5168	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user5168	like_activity	doing nails
user5169	physical_attribute	6 tall
user5169	has_ability	speak language
user5169	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user5169	want	to be something else
user5170	has_profession	truck driver
user5170	place_origin	trailer park
user5170	have_chidren	3 children
user5170	like_food	wings
user5170	like_activity	singing
user5171	like_activity	video games
user5171	like_food	fish
user5171	have_pet	dog
user5171	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user5172	dislike	snake
user5172	like_general	red
user5172	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user5173	physical_attribute	6 tall
user5173	has_ability	speak language
user5173	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user5174	other	lives with a roommate
user5174	dislike	beer
user5174	job_status	employed
user5174	favorite_animal	koala
user5175	like_activity	making lets plays
user5175	like_watching	youtube
user5176	favorite_food	french fries
user5176	has_profession	teacher
user5176	like_activity	shopping
user5177	like_activity	cooking
user5177	favorite_color	hunter green
user5177	has_hobby	movies
user5177	want_job	restauranteur
user5178	<blank>	<blank>
user5178	gender	70 male
user5178	like_activity	fishing
user5178	have_vehicle	boat
user5179	have_chidren	1 child
user5179	like_activity	gardening
user5179	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user5179	have_pet	2 dog
user5179	favorite_drink	red wine
user5180	has_hobby	skiing
user5180	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user5180	has_ability	ski racer
user5180	has_hobby	skiing
user5181	has_profession	writer
user5181	like_activity	hunting
user5181	own	home
user5181	like_food	barbecue
user5182	has_age	old
user5182	like_activity	baking
user5183	other	bad genetics
user5183	have_pet	dog
user5183	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user5183	physical_attribute	short
user5183	like_drink	coffee
user5184	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user5184	like_activity	writing
user5184	misc_attribute	healthy
user5184	has_profession	yoga instruction
user5185	like_food	candy
user5185	physical_attribute	overweight
user5185	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user5185	gender	male
user5185	like_movie	godfather
user5186	have	broke my arm twice
user5186	marital_status	widow
user5186	misc_attribute	social
user5186	have_sibling	6 sibling
user5187	favorite_food	ice cream
user5187	has_profession	construction
user5187	has_hobby	traveling
user5188	like_music	country
user5188	want_do	video games
user5188	attend_school	university
user5188	employed_by_company	scrubway
user5189	like_music	system of a down
user5189	other	vegan
user5189	own	9 guitars
user5189	has_ability	play instrument
user5189	want	play in a local band
user5190	attend_school	umass
user5190	like_music	concerts
user5190	other	vegan
user5190	have	tattoo
user5191	like_activity	shopping
user5191	have	phone
user5191	like_general	the night
user5191	like_activity	basketball
user5192	job_status	seeking employment
user5192	dislike	science
user5192	has_ability	drive
user5192	favorite_color	purple
user5193	has_profession	editing
user5193	have_pet	cat
user5193	misc_attribute	anxious
user5193	live_in_general	"parents house"
user5193	have_family	1 father
user5194	have_chidren	2 children
user5194	like_activity	running
user5194	like_food	cheesecake
user5194	job_status	employed
user5195	own	miscelaneous stuff
user5195	has_profession	small business owner
user5195	has_degree	graduate
user5195	misc_attribute	impressed
user5195	job_status	seeking employment
user5196	previous_profession	veteran
user5196	has_profession	truck driver
user5196	like_activity	working out
user5196	have_vehicle	camper
user5197	other	name
user5197	has_hobby	bicycling
user5197	has_profession	manager
user5197	misc_attribute	competitive
user5198	like_sports	water ski
user5198	have	money
user5198	like_food	macaroni
user5198	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user5198	has_profession	car maker
user5199	want	procedures
user5199	like_general	her
user5199	like_activity	dressing up
user5199	want	happy
user5200	like_food	pasta
user5200	like_activity	swimming
user5200	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user5200	like_general	being outside
user5200	like_general	pink
user5201	physical_attribute	blonde
user5201	dislike	country
user5201	has_hobby	dancing
user5201	other	terrible speller
user5202	like_activity	guitar
user5202	job_status	employed
user5202	like_music	the rolling stones
user5202	dislike	caffeine
user5203	attend_school	high school
user5203	has_hobby	cs and ds
user5203	like_food	sweets
user5203	like_activity	sleeping
user5204	has_hobby	singing
user5204	like_activity	skiing
user5204	favorite_color	yellow
user5204	favorite_place	florida
user5205	has_hobby	singing
user5205	like_activity	napping
user5205	like_watching	sport
user5205	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user5206	has_degree	communications
user5206	other	orphan
user5206	like_music	folk
user5206	has_hobby	whittling
user5207	like_activity	talking on the phone
user5207	like_activity	gambling
user5207	like_food	vegetables
user5207	like_activity	hiking
user5207	has_ability	1 speak language
user5208	dislike	social obligations
user5208	like_sports	running
user5208	dislike	eating out
user5208	like_watching	foreign
user5209	like_general	family time
user5209	employed_by_general	online company
user5209	has_ability	cook
user5209	other	soccer mom
user5210	misc_attribute	night owl
user5210	want_job	company owner
user5210	school_status	student
user5210	like_activity	programming
user5211	dislike	social obligations
user5211	like_watching	foreign
user5211	dislike	eating out
user5211	like_sports	running
user5212	like_music	strange music
user5212	want	live in iceland
user5212	want	something interesting
user5212	want	to be able to write in cursive
user5213	have	bas social life
user5213	like_food	chinese
user5213	like_general	going to bed late
user5213	marital_status	single
user5213	has_profession	make robots
user5214	has_age	29
user5214	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user5214	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user5214	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user5214	like_general	going to bed late
user5215	attend_school	university
user5215	want_job	nurse
user5215	live_in_general	small town
user5215	like_activity	shopping
user5216	have_pet	cat
user5216	job_status	employed
user5216	like_general	comics
user5216	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user5216	like_activity	reading
user5217	have_pet	2 dog
user5217	like_animal	dog
user5217	have_pet	2 dog
user5218	want	eats too much fries
user5218	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user5218	own	clothing
user5218	dislike	math
user5219	have	house
user5219	other	vegetarian
user5219	like_food	pork
user5219	like_food	meat
user5220	marital_status	married
user5220	misc_attribute	insecure
user5220	other	hungry
user5220	want	corvette
user5221	physical_attribute	tall
user5221	physical_attribute	overweight
user5221	like_activity	larp
user5221	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user5222	has_ability	left sock first.
user5222	favorite_activity	pray
user5222	have	condition
user5222	dislike	spider
user5223	has_hobby	dancing
user5223	dislike	country
user5223	has_ability	terrible speller
user5223	physical_attribute	blonde
user5224	want	go to mars
user5224	have_chidren	3 children
user5224	has_hobby	martial arts
user5224	has_hobby	art
user5225	has_profession	artist
user5225	have_chidren	4 children
user5225	have_pet	cat
user5225	like_watching	game of thrones
user5226	misc_attribute	religious
user5226	misc_attribute	weak
user5226	misc_attribute	religious
user5227	job_status	unemployed
user5227	like_activity	getting nails done
user5227	other	lost jewelry
user5227	have_pet	dog
user5228	like_food	home-cooked meals
user5228	like_general	blue
user5228	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user5228	favorite_show	fantasy
user5229	school_status	major in business administration
user5229	employed_by_general	daycare
user5229	have_family	partner
user5230	has_age	9
user5230	like_activity	running
user5230	physical_attribute	buff
user5230	physical_attribute	tall
user5231	like_general	comics
user5231	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user5231	job_status	employed
user5231	have_pet	cat
user5232	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user5232	like_watching	netflix
user5232	favorite_food	italian
user5233	have_family	2 children
user5233	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user5233	want	more iron in my diet
user5233	have_pet	2 cat
user5233	like_food	kale
user5234	has_ability	play instrument
user5234	have_vehicle	ford
user5234	have	name
user5234	has_age	25
user5235	has_hobby	martial arts
user5235	has_hobby	art
user5235	want	go to mars
user5235	have_chidren	3 children
user5235	has_profession	scientist
user5236	like_activity	walking
user5236	have_sibling	6 sister
user5236	like_food	chocolate
user5236	like_sports	boston celtics
user5237	misc_attribute	introvert
user5237	attend_school	graduate school
user5237	have_pet	dog
user5237	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user5238	like_food	pancakes
user5238	like_general	lumberjacking
user5238	has_hobby	fishing
user5238	own	large ax
user5239	<blank>	<blank>
user5239	like_general	leather clothes
user5239	like_general	boots
user5239	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user5240	like_general	red
user5240	physical_attribute	purple hair
user5240	like_movie	gone with the wind
user5240	<blank>	<blank>
user5240	have_pet	2 reptile
user5241	physical_attribute	strong
user5241	school_status	student
user5241	like_animal	cat
user5241	misc_attribute	athletic
user5242	like_music	system of a down
user5242	own	9 guitars
user5242	has_ability	play instrument
user5242	other	vegan
user5242	want	play in a local band
user5243	has_hobby	hunting
user5243	have_chidren	children
user5243	like_sports	basketball
user5243	like_activity	singing
user5244	like_goto	park
user5244	employed_by_general	museum
user5244	has_hobby	reading
user5244	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user5244	have	few friends
user5245	other	no accent
user5245	own	motorcycle
user5245	attend_school	university
user5246	employed_by_general	bank
user5246	place_origin	upstate
user5246	attend_school	university
user5246	live_in_general	city
user5247	like_activity	video games
user5247	employed_by_general	marketing
user5247	dislike	alcohol
user5247	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user5247	like_read	books
user5248	want_do	home
user5248	like_activity	<blank>
user5248	has_profession	musician
user5248	have	friend
user5248	has_ability	play instrument
user5249	have_family	children
user5249	like_activity	driving
user5249	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user5249	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user5249	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user5250	misc_attribute	<blank>
user5250	has_profession	sales
user5250	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user5250	misc_attribute	make things right
user5250	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user5251	own	honda civic
user5251	like_activity	rock climbing
user5251	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user5251	like_movie	django unchained
user5251	employed_by_general	retailer
user5252	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user5252	want	to take over the world
user5252	like_activity	singing
user5253	like_general	red
user5253	has_profession	carpenter
user5253	previous_profession	slave
user5253	have_sibling	sibling
user5253	marital_status	married
user5254	have_pet	1 dog
user5254	has_ability	play instrument
user5254	has_ability	play instrument
user5255	other	bad luck with relationships
user5255	misc_attribute	romantic
user5255	job_status	employed
user5255	dislike	homework
user5255	misc_attribute	lazy
user5256	has_profession	nurse
user5256	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user5256	marital_status	single
user5256	own	1 house
user5256	has_ability	play instrument
user5257	has_hobby	ballet
user5257	have	support of my whole family
user5257	has_ability	1 dancing
user5257	want	retire
user5258	misc_attribute	intelligent
user5258	has_ability	perfect pitch
user5258	has_profession	writer
user5258	has_ability	cook
user5259	physical_attribute	6 tall
user5259	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user5259	want	to be something else
user5260	other	vegetarian
user5260	like_activity	baking
user5260	job_status	employed
user5260	like_general	internet
user5260	favorite_music	country
user5261	like_activity	working out
user5261	misc_attribute	friendly
user5261	misc_attribute	mean
user5261	like_general	makeup
user5262	like_general	blue
user5262	has_age	20
user5262	gender	transfemale
user5262	like_food	pizza
user5263	misc_attribute	happy
user5263	like_activity	reading
user5263	has_ability	sing many songs
user5263	like_music	the lumineers
user5264	job_status	employed
user5264	like_activity	drawing and painting
user5264	have_vehicle	car
user5264	like_general	blue
user5264	own	house
user5265	other	hippie
user5265	have	2 tattoos
user5265	have_vehicle	van
user5265	physical_attribute	red hair
user5265	like_activity	recycling
user5266	has_profession	mall cop
user5266	like_animal	dog
user5266	want	corvette
user5266	marital_status	divorced
user5266	has_hobby	writing
user5267	has_degree	masters
user5267	marital_status	married
user5267	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user5267	own	my home
user5268	has_hobby	singing
user5268	favorite_color	yellow
user5268	like_activity	skiing
user5269	have	many girlfriends
user5269	like_general	boots
user5269	has_hobby	horseback riding
user5270	like_sports	swimming
user5270	like_general	winter
user5270	like_general	morning
user5270	has_ability	marathon runner
user5270	favorite	apple
user5271	like_general	blue
user5271	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user5271	has_hobby	swimming
user5271	like_goto	concerts
user5272	like_sports	soccer
user5272	other	vegan
user5272	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user5272	like_watching	game of thrones
user5273	have	few friends
user5273	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user5273	has_hobby	reading
user5273	employed_by_general	museum
user5274	employed_by_general	brewery
user5274	like_drink	32 beer
user5274	like_goto	casino
user5274	marital_status	married
user5274	like_activity	traveling
user5275	has_age	19
user5275	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user5275	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user5276	has_profession	attorney
user5276	like_watching	comedy
user5276	have	beard
user5276	like_activity	fashion
user5276	physical_attribute	buff
user5277	have_family	mother
user5277	favorite_season	summer
user5277	job_status	unemployed
user5277	have	birthday in june
user5277	have_pet	cat
user5278	own	an edged weapon
user5278	has_ability	speak language
user5278	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user5278	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user5279	like_read	<blank>
user5279	like_general	blue
user5279	physical_attribute	brunette
user5279	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5279	like_food	cupcakes
user5280	like_music	marduk
user5280	like_food	fish
user5280	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user5280	dislike	losing things
user5280	like_activity	hiking
user5281	like_food	cheesecake
user5281	have_chidren	2 children
user5281	like_activity	running
user5281	favorite_movie	16 candles
user5282	has_profession	teacher
user5282	has_profession	writer
user5282	like_music	country
user5282	has_hobby	puzzles
user5283	like_food	hummus
user5283	misc_attribute	bipolar
user5283	other	mother
user5283	want	child
user5283	has_profession	nurse
user5284	employed_by_general	architect firm
user5284	like_activity	cooking
user5284	want	someone
user5284	have_pet	3 dog
user5285	like_activity	eating
user5285	like_watching	nascar
user5285	want	house on beach
user5286	misc_attribute	romantic
user5286	misc_attribute	lazy
user5286	job_status	employed
user5286	other	bad luck with relationships
user5286	dislike	homework
user5287	teach	kids
user5287	have_pet	3 dog
user5287	have	personal trainer
user5287	like_general	religion
user5288	have	taught
user5288	has_profession	zoologist
user5289	want_job	employment
user5289	other	colour blind
user5289	have_chidren	2 children
user5289	has_ability	3 speak language
user5289	favorite_music_artist	rush
user5290	have_chidren	2 children
user5290	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user5290	has_profession	physical therapist
user5290	have_chidren	2 children
user5290	have_pet	3 dog
user5291	misc_attribute	am happy
user5291	has_profession	waitress
user5291	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user5292	like_activity	cooking
user5292	favorite_color	hunter green
user5292	has_hobby	movies
user5292	want_job	restauranteur
user5292	has_profession	chef
user5293	has_profession	party planning
user5293	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user5294	like_activity	living in texas
user5294	want_do	drugs
user5294	like_music	ke ha
user5294	dislike	pudding
user5295	like_animal	dog
user5295	has_profession	photographer
user5295	have_pet	dog
user5295	like_activity	drinking
user5295	have	tattoos
user5296	like_activity	camping
user5296	place_origin	england
user5296	like_general	model building
user5296	have_family	0 mother
user5297	marital_status	engaged
user5297	employed_by_general	theater
user5297	like_animal	animals
user5297	like_read	history
user5298	like_food	chicken
user5298	employed_by_general	hotel
user5298	like_activity	reading
user5298	like_animal	animals
user5299	like_activity	fishing
user5299	other	viking
user5299	have	beard
user5300	dislike	all
user5300	like_activity	roleplay
user5300	like_general	cars
user5301	have	beard
user5301	own	truck
user5301	live_in_general	farm
user5301	like_music	rap
user5302	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user5302	like_activity	reading
user5302	misc_attribute	smart
user5302	physical_attribute	round
user5302	physical_attribute	short
user5303	dislike	paying bills
user5303	job_status	unemployed
user5303	misc_attribute	dull
user5303	have_pet	1 dog
user5304	marital_status	married
user5304	dislike	writing
user5304	physical_attribute	sight
user5304	have_pet	cat
user5305	want	retire
user5305	have	support of my whole family
user5305	like_activity	ballet
user5305	has_ability	1 dancing
user5306	favorite_food	subway
user5306	have_pet	cat
user5306	like_goto	starbucks
user5306	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user5306	like_goto	antique stores
user5307	has_hobby	cooking
user5307	have_pet	2 dog
user5307	like_general	tall men
user5307	physical_attribute	red hair
user5307	has_hobby	running
user5308	own	truck
user5308	have	beard
user5308	live_in_general	farm
user5308	school_status	graduated
user5308	like_music	rap
user5309	like_activity	walks on the beach
user5309	like_activity	painting
user5309	favorite_season	spring
user5309	has_profession	graphic designer
user5310	employed_by_general	factory
user5310	want_do	change the world
user5310	has_hobby	volunteer
user5310	like_general	jokes
user5310	misc_attribute	punctual
user5311	like_activity	football
user5311	employed_by_general	<blank>
user5311	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user5311	other	christian
user5312	like_goto	beach
user5312	like_food	pizza
user5312	nationality	united states
user5312	like_read	mystery
user5313	live_in_general	near celebrities
user5313	has_age	19
user5313	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user5314	have_pet	1 dog
user5314	has_hobby	cooking
user5315	like_read	<blank>
user5315	like_food	cupcakes
user5315	physical_attribute	brunette
user5315	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5315	like_general	blue
user5316	job_status	retired
user5316	has_profession	teacher
user5316	want_do	travel
user5316	like_activity	walking
user5317	job_status	employed
user5317	has_profession	trainer
user5317	has_hobby	writing
user5317	want	know
user5318	marital_status	married
user5318	school_status	student
user5318	like_goto	beach
user5318	job_status	employed
user5318	like_general	blue
user5319	own	car
user5319	favorite_sport	rugby
user5319	has_hobby	working out
user5319	like_activity	flying kites
user5319	like_watching	sport
user5320	has_profession	banker
user5320	misc_attribute	confused
user5320	like_activity	hiking
user5320	dislike	traveling
user5321	favorite	pancakes
user5321	marital_status	in a relationship
user5321	has_hobby	biking
user5321	has_hobby	hiking
user5322	misc_attribute	bipolar
user5322	want	child
user5322	other	mother
user5322	has_profession	nurse
user5322	like_food	hummus
user5323	has_hobby	singing
user5323	favorite	donna karen clothes
user5323	misc_attribute	religious
user5323	has_profession	teacher
user5323	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user5324	have_vehicle	camper
user5324	like_activity	working out
user5324	favorite_sport	football
user5324	has_profession	truck driver
user5324	previous_profession	veteran
user5325	have_pet	horse
user5325	live_in_general	country
user5325	physical_attribute	pregnant
user5326	like_activity	standing in the rain
user5326	own	glasses
user5326	like_general	winter
user5326	favorite	actress
user5327	favorite	costco
user5327	has_hobby	cloud watching
user5327	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user5327	misc_attribute	shy
user5327	has_profession	salesman
user5328	like_activity	horseback riding
user5328	place_origin	texas
user5328	favorite	rose
user5328	like_activity	baking
user5329	has_age	19
user5329	has_hobby	baseball
user5329	favorite	mike trout
user5329	like_sports	baseball
user5329	has_hobby	baseball
user5330	other	braces
user5330	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user5330	has_age	15
user5330	attend_school	high school
user5331	job_status	employed
user5331	physical_attribute	purple hair
user5332	like_music	all genres
user5332	like_activity	drawing
user5332	<blank>	<blank>
user5332	have_chidren	5 children
user5332	<blank>	<blank>
user5333	has_ability	play instrument
user5333	have	boyfriend
user5333	favorite_color	yellow
user5334	has_age	32
user5334	has_hobby	larp
user5334	have_family	father
user5334	has_profession	general
user5335	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user5335	physical_attribute	short
user5335	like_activity	reading
user5335	physical_attribute	round
user5336	has_hobby	play
user5336	like_food	indian cuisine
user5336	has_ability	play instrument
user5337	has_hobby	check reflection
user5337	misc_attribute	fabulous
user5337	misc_attribute	shallow
user5337	has_hobby	shopping
user5337	misc_attribute	suspicious
user5338	employed_by_general	hotel
user5338	favorite	actor robert denaro
user5338	want_do	college.
user5338	like_general	snow
user5338	like_activity	surfing
user5339	like_drink	water with protein powder
user5339	like_activity	watch
user5339	own	bowie knife
user5339	has_hobby	weight lifting
user5339	school_status	student this summer at police academy
user5340	physical_attribute	thin
user5340	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user5340	has_profession	0 clerk
user5341	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user5341	misc_attribute	slow
user5341	want	vacation
user5341	job_status	employed
user5341	have	too be perfect
user5342	like_goto	gym
user5342	have_pet	cat
user5342	like_music	metallica
user5342	like_read	autobiographies
user5342	favorite_food	chicken
user5343	have	girlfriend
user5343	like_activity	cooking
user5343	have_family	husband
user5343	job_status	employed
user5343	like_activity	singing
user5344	have_sibling	3 sibling
user5344	other	<blank>
user5344	other	has not left country
user5344	job_status	employed
user5344	has_hobby	hiking
user5345	have	glasses
user5345	have	green eyes
user5345	physical_attribute	olive
user5345	own	purse
user5346	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user5346	have	fibromyalgia
user5346	place_origin	farm
user5346	like_activity	beadworking
user5346	like_activity	reading
user5347	have_family	sibling
user5347	school_status	graduated
user5347	has_profession	farmer
user5347	physical_attribute	1 arm
user5347	like_activity	hiking
user5348	physical_attribute	strong
user5348	like_animal	cat
user5348	misc_attribute	athletic
user5349	has_profession	blogger
user5349	has_hobby	cheerleading
user5349	have_chidren	children
user5349	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user5350	has_ability	fly airplane
user5350	attend_school	university
user5350	employed_by_general	army
user5350	like_general	tool
user5351	like_music	indie
user5351	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user5351	like_animal	dog
user5351	dislike	some foods
user5351	want_job	teacher
user5352	has_profession	semi trucks
user5352	marital_status	married
user5352	want_do	vacation
user5353	own	personal religion
user5353	have_pet	4 dog
user5353	other	believe in ghosts
user5353	have_vehicle	convertible
user5353	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user5354	have_pet	2 dog
user5354	have_vehicle	car
user5354	like_sports	running
user5354	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user5354	has_profession	accountant
user5355	want_do	retire
user5355	has_profession	baker
user5355	previous_profession	actor
user5355	have_family	wife
user5355	have_chidren	children
user5356	like_activity	watching videos
user5356	have_pet	dog
user5356	favorite_food	shrimp
user5356	favorite	third-party softtware
user5357	physical_attribute	long hair
user5357	have_family	mother
user5357	dislike	1 cooking
user5357	like_activity	video games
user5358	like_activity	cooking
user5358	have_pet	cat
user5359	like_activity	shopping
user5359	want_job	designer
user5359	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user5359	like_general	fashion
user5359	like_general	fashion designers
user5360	attend_school	high school
user5360	like_watching	disney movies
user5360	member_of	dance team
user5360	like_activity	dance
user5361	like_read	mystery
user5361	attend_school	graduate school
user5361	has_hobby	tennis
user5361	other	youngest
user5362	have	timeshare
user5362	has_profession	<blank>
user5362	favorite_food	sushi
user5363	other	bad luck with relationships
user5363	dislike	homework
user5363	misc_attribute	romantic
user5363	job_status	employed
user5364	have_vehicle	car
user5364	like_activity	hanging out
user5364	like_sports	fan
user5364	want_job	entrepreneur
user5364	like_activity	politics
user5365	attend_school	high school
user5365	member_of	dance team
user5365	like_watching	disney movies
user5366	has_hobby	hiking
user5366	want_job	teacher
user5366	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user5366	has_degree	american literature and education
user5367	member_of	hobby club
user5367	has_hobby	donating clothes
user5367	has_profession	poet
user5368	like_music	marduk
user5368	like_food	fish
user5368	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user5368	like_activity	hiking
user5369	like_music	classical
user5369	like_activity	cooking
user5369	has_ability	play instrument
user5369	has_ability	play instrument
user5370	has_age	22
user5370	school_status	graduated
user5370	job_status	employed
user5370	job_status	employed
user5370	like_general	children
user5371	school_status	dropped out
user5371	has_ability	read foreign language
user5371	like_activity	reading
user5371	like_activity	reading
user5372	other	imaginative
user5372	like_drink	beverage
user5372	has_hobby	d&d
user5372	dislike	talking to people
user5373	like_activity	cooking
user5373	have_chidren	children
user5373	have_pet	cat
user5373	live_in_general	small city
user5374	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user5374	has_hobby	football
user5374	like_read	fiction
user5374	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user5374	favorite_book	science fiction
user5375	like_activity	gardening
user5375	physical_attribute	curly
user5375	favorite_food	onion
user5375	misc_attribute	independent
user5376	like_watching	anime
user5376	has_hobby	reading
user5376	misc_attribute	artistic
user5376	like_activity	role play
user5376	like_read	comics
user5377	dislike	subtitles
user5377	has_ability	speak language
user5377	want_do	save money
user5378	other	<blank>
user5378	have_pet	dog
user5378	like_activity	video games
user5378	like_food	beef
user5379	like_general	saving money
user5379	misc_attribute	organized
user5379	want_job	artist
user5379	other	am a couponer
user5379	like_activity	shopping
user5380	gender	different
user5380	misc_attribute	insecure
user5380	dislike	rejection from parents
user5380	other	sexual identity
user5381	place_origin	kansas
user5381	has_profession	police
user5381	like_activity	scuba diving
user5381	like_sports	horseback riding
user5382	have_sibling	twin sister
user5382	like_drink	coffee
user5382	has_hobby	yoga
user5382	like_food	chocolate
user5382	has_profession	teacher
user5383	have_pet	horse
user5383	live_in_general	city
user5383	employed_by_general	indie band
user5384	like_activity	traveling
user5384	want_job	doctor
user5384	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user5384	has_hobby	fashion
user5385	has_ability	not swim
user5385	own	chevy tahoe
user5385	favorite_food	steak
user5385	like_music	rock
user5386	have	brown belt
user5386	has_hobby	singing
user5387	like_general	cardigans
user5387	place_origin	spain
user5387	have_family	step dad
user5387	dislike	dad
user5387	has_profession	programmer
user5388	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user5388	have_pet	dog
user5388	like_read	books
user5389	like_activity	traveling
user5389	marital_status	20 married
user5389	favorite_sport	football
user5389	previous_profession	veteran
user5389	job_status	volunteer
user5390	like_general	mother
user5390	like_activity	watching television
user5390	like_activity	music
user5390	misc_attribute	organized
user5390	attend_school	high school
user5391	like_food	candy
user5391	gender	male
user5391	physical_attribute	overweight
user5391	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user5391	like_movie	godfather
user5392	like_activity	drawing
user5392	have_sibling	5 sibling
user5392	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user5392	has_profession	waitress
user5393	own	hair
user5393	like_animal	lizard
user5393	school_status	student
user5393	misc_attribute	lonely
user5394	have_sibling	4 sibling
user5394	physical_attribute	short
user5395	has_profession	semi trucks
user5395	want_do	vacation
user5395	marital_status	married
user5396	have_pet	2 dog
user5396	other	wrote a book
user5396	like_activity	reading
user5396	misc_attribute	religious
user5397	like_activity	cooking
user5397	like_activity	drawing
user5397	physical_attribute	curly hair
user5397	misc_attribute	vain
user5398	like_activity	writing
user5398	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user5398	misc_attribute	healthy
user5398	like_movie	romantic comedy
user5399	like_activity	hunting
user5399	like_general	katy perry
user5399	have	a few friends
user5399	like_activity	sewing
user5399	has_profession	baker
user5400	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user5400	want	to go to another school
user5400	like_general	my image
user5400	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user5401	has_degree	masters
user5401	favorite_color	purple
user5401	gender	female
user5401	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user5401	has_hobby	swimming
user5402	own	9 guitars
user5402	want	play in a local band
user5402	other	vegan
user5402	like_music	system of a down
user5402	has_ability	play instrument
user5403	like_general	vinyl records
user5403	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user5403	misc_attribute	active
user5403	have_vehicle	junk
user5404	have_sibling	4 sibling
user5404	physical_attribute	short
user5405	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user5405	has_profession	party planning
user5406	has_profession	athlete
user5406	like_music	all american rejecs
user5406	has_ability	run marathons
user5406	dislike	sweet potatoes
user5407	live_in_general	city
user5407	have	girlfriend
user5407	employed_by_general	bookstore
user5408	has_ability	website design
user5408	want	find easy ways to make money
user5408	want_do	invest in stock market
user5408	like_read	news
user5409	misc_attribute	moral
user5410	have_sibling	6 brother
user5410	has_profession	aquarium builder
user5410	have_family	brother-in-law
user5411	like_activity	hiking
user5411	dislike	formal situations
user5411	live_in_general	alone
user5411	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user5411	misc_attribute	stubborn
user5412	have_pet	3 iguana
user5412	other	poor
user5412	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user5412	like_animal	dog
user5412	have_sibling	brother
user5413	have_pet	dog
user5413	like_drink	expensive wine
user5413	job_status	unemployed
user5413	other	lost jewelry
user5414	employed_by_general	retailer
user5414	like_music	madonna
user5414	like_music	any
user5414	like_music	10 concerts
user5415	other	feelings
user5415	has_profession	freelance accountant
user5415	dislike	social situations
user5415	like_goto	florida
user5415	other	mild ocd
user5416	have	3 roommate
user5416	have_pet	parakeet
user5416	favorite_color	orange
user5416	other	lactose intolerant
user5417	like_activity	reading
user5417	has_profession	librarian
user5417	have_pet	2 cat
user5417	like_food	tuna
user5418	misc_attribute	depressed
user5418	want_job	professional eater
user5418	dislike	cleaning
user5419	other	carnivore
user5419	have	welfare
user5419	like_sports	running
user5419	favorite_music_artist	creed
user5420	has_hobby	football
user5420	has_hobby	football
user5420	like_general	baltimore ravens
user5420	has_profession	athlete
user5420	like_sports	football
user5421	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user5421	like_general	sleeping in
user5421	like_general	boots
user5421	<blank>	<blank>
user5421	like_general	leather clothes
user5422	has_hobby	watching television
user5422	like_music	classic rock
user5422	attend_school	local college
user5422	like_food	vegetarian
user5423	other	free spirit
user5423	like_general	family and fun
user5423	dislike	working
user5424	live_in_general	home
user5424	have	2 science classes
user5424	school_status	student
user5424	employed_by_general	library
user5425	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user5425	has_profession	writer
user5425	marital_status	married
user5425	have_family	10 niece
user5425	like_goto	museum
user5426	has_hobby	football
user5426	like_general	baltimore ravens
user5426	has_hobby	football
user5426	has_profession	athlete
user5426	like_sports	football
user5427	have_pet	2 dog
user5427	has_hobby	watching movies
user5427	other	ketogenic
user5427	employed_by_general	circus
user5428	favorite_color	green
user5428	like_music	rock
user5428	other	name is gerald
user5428	like_sports	basketball
user5429	misc_attribute	shy
user5429	has_ability	unclear
user5429	has_hobby	singing
user5429	other	was accepted to participate
user5430	have	tattoos
user5430	has_profession	photographer
user5430	have_pet	dog
user5430	like_animal	dog
user5431	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user5431	own	agency
user5431	marital_status	married
user5431	gender	female
user5432	has_profession	cook
user5432	have	terrible singing voice
user5432	has_hobby	writing
user5432	has_hobby	hiking
user5432	like_general	grateful dead
user5433	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user5433	has_hobby	running
user5433	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user5433	favorite_sport	basketball
user5433	has_hobby	running
user5434	like_movie	godfather
user5434	physical_attribute	overweight
user5434	like_food	candy
user5434	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user5434	gender	male
user5435	want	know
user5435	job_status	employed
user5435	has_profession	trainer
user5435	has_hobby	writing
user5435	dislike	sleeping in
user5436	like_activity	hiking
user5436	like_food	fish
user5436	dislike	losing things
user5436	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user5437	previous_profession	actor
user5437	has_profession	actor
user5437	has_hobby	filmmaking
user5437	has_profession	actor
user5437	has_profession	actor
user5438	have_pet	3 iguana
user5438	other	poor
user5438	like_animal	dog
user5438	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user5439	has_profession	farmer
user5439	like_activity	hiking
user5439	physical_attribute	1 arm
user5439	have_family	sibling
user5439	school_status	graduated
user5440	has_hobby	video games
user5440	live_in_general	with parents
user5440	has_age	32
user5440	dislike	job
user5440	like_food	take out
user5441	physical_attribute	attractive
user5441	physical_attribute	overweight
user5441	like_activity	eating
user5441	want	attractive
user5442	favorite	subject was science
user5442	marital_status	single
user5442	favorite_hobby	reading
user5442	favorite_food	pizza
user5443	like_sports	soccer
user5443	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user5443	other	vegan
user5443	like_watching	game of thrones
user5444	favorite	eat at restaurant
user5444	have	1 shoes
user5444	physical_attribute	allergic
user5445	marital_status	married
user5445	own	agency
user5445	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user5446	have_sibling	brother
user5446	has_hobby	snowboarding
user5446	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user5446	has_hobby	horseback riding
user5447	like_drink	tea
user5447	like_activity	drawing
user5447	like_food	egg
user5447	like_sports	cycling
user5448	like_goto	restaurant
user5448	like_activity	driving
user5448	like_general	to chat with my friends
user5448	like_read	in a series
user5448	like_goto	movie theater
user5449	other	allergic to lactose
user5449	like_food	fried
user5449	other	six months to live
user5449	dislike	regular expressions
user5450	has_hobby	weight lifting
user5450	like_activity	watch
user5450	own	bowie knife
user5450	school_status	student this summer at police academy
user5451	misc_attribute	shy
user5451	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user5451	marital_status	divorced
user5451	have_chidren	0 children
user5452	physical_attribute	brunette
user5452	like_general	blue
user5452	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5452	like_read	<blank>
user5453	other	terrible speller
user5453	has_hobby	volunteering
user5453	has_hobby	dancing
user5453	physical_attribute	blonde
user5454	have_family	1 sibling
user5454	like_sports	hockey
user5454	other	flew out of country
user5454	attend_school	university
user5455	like_goto	outdoors
user5455	has_hobby	hiking
user5455	marital_status	in a relationship
user5455	has_hobby	biking
user5455	favorite	pancakes
user5456	has_hobby	knitting
user5456	like_activity	go to lake
user5456	misc_attribute	happy
user5456	like_activity	walking
user5456	like_music	<blank>
user5457	other	vegan
user5457	has_ability	play instrument
user5457	own	9 guitars
user5457	want	play in a local band
user5458	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user5458	like_general	summer
user5458	have_chidren	2 children
user5458	like_food	mexican cuisine
user5459	has_hobby	listens
user5459	not_have	car
user5459	live_in_general	park
user5459	favorite_color	purple
user5459	not_have	child
user5460	have	allergies
user5460	dislike	dust
user5460	physical_attribute	attractive
user5460	like_animal	cat
user5460	physical_attribute	red skin
user5461	has_hobby	watching television
user5461	has_profession	teacher
user5461	other	sarah
user5461	has_hobby	reading
user5461	has_profession	teacher
user5462	marital_status	single
user5462	like_food	healthy
user5462	physical_attribute	brunette
user5462	favorite_season	fall
user5462	like_activity	sleeping in
user5463	like_food	meat
user5463	like_music	the story so far
user5463	employed_by_company	online
user5463	have	alias
user5463	like_goto	festivals
user5464	have_sibling	brother
user5464	like_sports	soccer
user5464	like_sports	soccer
user5464	school_status	student
user5465	has_age	71
user5465	like_activity	gardening
user5465	favorite_food	carrots
user5466	physical_attribute	blonde
user5466	physical_attribute	thin
user5466	like_watching	television
user5466	has_hobby	hunting
user5466	like_general	tigers baseball team
user5467	has_profession	technician
user5467	has_profession	engineer
user5467	like_activity	dancing
user5467	has_hobby	traveling
user5468	favorite_place	florida
user5468	like_activity	skiing
user5468	favorite_color	yellow
user5469	like_general	red
user5469	<blank>	<blank>
user5469	have_pet	2 reptile
user5469	like_movie	gone with the wind
user5470	live_in_general	sister
user5470	like_read	<blank>
user5470	misc_attribute	afraid
user5470	have_family	uncle
user5471	has_profession	veterinarian
user5471	favorite_movie	horror
user5471	like_activity	reading
user5471	favorite_book	stephen king
user5471	other	christian
user5472	like_general	littlest things
user5472	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user5472	dislike	riding the bus
user5473	like_activity	shopping
user5473	has_profession	teacher
user5474	job_status	with wife
user5474	have	taught
user5474	has_profession	zoologist
user5475	like_activity	painting
user5475	like_activity	gardening
user5475	gender	male
user5475	favorite_music_artist	ween
user5475	like_food	pizza
user5476	teach	first grade
user5476	has_hobby	shopping
user5476	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user5476	like_drink	iced tea
user5476	marital_status	married
user5477	marital_status	single
user5477	gender	female
user5477	have	laugh
user5477	employed_by_general	publishing building
user5477	like_activity	cooking
user5478	like_drink	coffee
user5478	like_food	meatloaf
user5478	own	2 packs
user5478	want_do	<blank>
user5479	like_activity	traveling
user5479	physical_attribute	brunette
user5479	favorite_music	country
user5480	has_ability	visiting
user5480	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5481	job_status	employed
user5481	job_status	employed
user5481	has_profession	owner
user5481	has_ability	lucky
user5482	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user5482	has_profession	teacher
user5482	like_activity	sewing
user5482	like_activity	fashion
user5482	like_goto	thrift shops
user5483	marital_status	married
user5483	job_status	employed
user5483	want_job	musician
user5483	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user5484	other	parents are teachers
user5484	have_sibling	sister
user5484	have	3 roomates
user5484	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user5484	other	piercing
user5485	have_pet	3 dog
user5485	has_profession	physical therapist
user5485	have_chidren	2 children
user5485	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user5485	have_chidren	2 children
user5486	has_profession	small business owner
user5486	misc_attribute	impressed
user5486	own	miscelaneous stuff
user5486	job_status	seeking employment
user5486	has_degree	graduate
user5487	like_activity	singing
user5487	misc_attribute	content
user5487	have_pet	dog
user5487	misc_attribute	shy
user5488	misc_attribute	sensitive
user5488	like_activity	cooking
user5488	place_origin	austin
user5488	want_do	photography
user5488	like_general	social media
user5489	like_read	science fiction
user5489	like_food	tuna fish
user5489	physical_attribute	brunette
user5489	favorite_music	rock opera
user5490	employed_by_general	<blank>
user5490	have_sibling	2 brother
user5490	place_origin	chicago
user5491	like_goto	india
user5491	dislike	job
user5491	has_profession	athlete
user5491	want_job	explorer
user5492	gender	male
user5492	have_pet	parrot
user5492	has_profession	chef
user5493	has_profession	trainer
user5493	has_ability	novel writing
user5493	dislike	0 <blank>
user5493	want_job	author
user5494	have_vehicle	ford
user5494	dislike	country
user5494	have	hair
user5495	have_family	mother
user5495	school_status	graduated
user5495	have_family	grandmother
user5496	has_hobby	growing sunflowers
user5496	like_read	agatha christie
user5496	employed_by_general	church
user5496	have_chidren	5 children
user5497	other	premature
user5497	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user5497	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user5498	physical_attribute	tall
user5498	like_music	the beatles
user5498	has_profession	scientist
user5498	has_hobby	gymnastics
user5499	have	nickname
user5499	like_activity	singing
user5499	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user5500	like_general	clothes
user5500	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user5500	has_profession	cashier
user5500	like_food	non-gmo
user5501	like_general	red
user5501	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user5501	physical_attribute	tall
user5502	previous_profession	reporter
user5502	other	recovering alcoholic
user5502	live_in_general	condo
user5502	have	large mustache
user5503	like_general	pink
user5503	like_activity	swimming
user5503	like_food	pasta
user5503	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user5504	like_general	silver
user5504	have	1 rose tattoo
user5504	employed_by_general	clinic
user5504	attend_school	dental
user5504	have	tattoos
user5505	misc_attribute	happy
user5505	<blank>	<blank>
user5505	like_animal	dog
user5505	like_activity	cooking
user5506	have	timeshare
user5506	favorite_food	sushi
user5506	favorite_show	friends
user5506	has_profession	<blank>
user5507	has_hobby	fencing
user5507	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user5507	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user5507	favorite_hobby	chess
user5508	has_ability	play instrument
user5508	like_music	country
user5508	has_profession	at bar
user5508	has_ability	cook
user5509	like_activity	singing
user5509	has_ability	play instrument
user5509	other	vegetarian
user5509	like_general	going to bed late
user5509	has_ability	dance
user5510	attend_school	university
user5510	like_activity	watching television
user5510	live_in_general	a home
user5510	like_music	death metal
user5511	has_profession	finance
user5511	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user5511	like_sports	soccer
user5511	dislike	coffee
user5512	have_vehicle	toyota
user5512	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user5512	like_drink	pepsi
user5513	have_chidren	5 children
user5513	like_general	gadgets
user5513	like_activity	socialize
user5513	like_activity	drawing
user5513	like_general	babies
user5514	dislike	acting
user5514	dislike	kids
user5514	have_vehicle	ferrari
user5514	have_family	3 ex wives
user5515	have_chidren	3 children
user5515	has_age	21
user5515	physical_attribute	sick
user5515	have_chidren	twins
user5515	physical_attribute	pregnant
user5516	have_pet	4 dog
user5516	other	believe in ghosts
user5516	own	personal religion
user5516	have_vehicle	convertible
user5517	has_ability	play instrument
user5517	has_profession	writer
user5517	other	am lesbian
user5518	has_ability	driving
user5518	own	suburban
user5518	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user5518	like_drink	apple martinis
user5518	member_of	hobby club
user5519	have_pet	dog
user5519	like_read	pride and prejudice
user5519	favorite	school subject
user5519	have_sibling	sister
user5520	have_sibling	brother
user5520	have_pet	3 iguana
user5520	other	poor
user5520	like_animal	dog
user5521	has_profession	tutor
user5521	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user5521	like_activity	going barefoot
user5521	has_hobby	knitting
user5522	dislike	family
user5522	like_watching	horror
user5522	like_general	comics
user5522	has_hobby	couch potato
user5523	misc_attribute	passionate
user5523	physical_attribute	have back pain
user5523	want	voice
user5523	misc_attribute	unstable
user5523	misc_attribute	old soul
user5524	has_profession	car sales
user5524	own	acara
user5524	favorite_drink	beer coors
user5525	like_activity	clubbing
user5525	has_profession	dental assistant
user5525	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user5525	own	universe
user5526	like_activity	cycling
user5526	like_activity	skateboarding
user5526	like_music	guitar
user5526	other	vegan
user5526	like_music	<blank>
user5527	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user5527	want_job	teacher
user5527	attend_school	university
user5528	has_profession	writer
user5528	other	am lesbian
user5528	has_ability	play instrument
user5528	like_goto	comic con
user5529	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user5529	other	am lonely
user5529	have	90000 dollars
user5529	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user5530	job_status	employed
user5530	other	vegan
user5530	like_goto	beach
user5530	like_read	<blank>
user5530	like_music	country
user5531	have_vehicle	car
user5531	like_sports	surfing
user5531	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user5531	has_profession	mechanic
user5532	have	fibromyalgia
user5532	place_origin	farm
user5532	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user5532	like_activity	beadworking
user5533	has_hobby	water sports
user5533	like_general	red
user5533	physical_attribute	tall
user5534	like_activity	cooking
user5534	like_activity	dating women
user5534	job_status	retired
user5534	like_activity	going to bars
user5535	have_chidren	1 daughter
user5535	school_status	graduated
user5536	favorite_show	silicon valley
user5536	has_profession	baker
user5536	have_sibling	2 sister
user5536	has_hobby	tennis
user5537	physical_attribute	hears voices
user5537	misc_attribute	lust
user5537	like_food	cakes
user5537	has_hobby	collecting
user5538	like_drink	iced tea
user5538	have_sibling	4 sibling
user5538	dislike	heights
user5538	want	mermaid
user5539	like_activity	bathing
user5539	have_pet	dog
user5539	like_music	country
user5539	like_activity	working out
user5540	previous_profession	pilot
user5540	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user5540	other	orphan
user5540	place_origin	nevada
user5540	like_animal	dog
user5541	attend_school	local college
user5541	like_food	vegetarian
user5541	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user5541	has_hobby	watching television
user5542	has_profession	roofer
user5542	have_vehicle	truck
user5542	like_sports	football
user5542	favorite_food	steak
user5543	like_activity	fishing
user5543	like_activity	fishing
user5543	misc_attribute	simple
user5543	has_hobby	drink beers
user5544	has_profession	waiter
user5544	has_hobby	cycling
user5544	marital_status	single
user5545	like_watching	sport
user5545	like_activity	flying kites
user5545	favorite_sport	rugby
user5545	has_hobby	working out
user5546	like_activity	standing in the rain
user5546	want	faster computer
user5546	favorite	actress
user5546	own	glasses
user5547	have_sibling	6 brother
user5547	have_family	brother-in-law
user5548	like_general	snow
user5548	employed_by_general	hotel
user5548	like_activity	surfing
user5548	want_do	go to college
user5549	misc_attribute	persistent
user5549	like_activity	cooking
user5549	misc_attribute	talent
user5549	has_hobby	cooking
user5550	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user5550	like_general	pink
user5550	like_general	being outside
user5550	like_activity	swimming
user5551	other	albert
user5551	previous_profession	lawyer
user5551	want_job	in the federal court
user5551	has_profession	judge
user5552	have_chidren	5 children
user5552	like_activity	drawing
user5552	<blank>	<blank>
user5552	<blank>	<blank>
user5553	like_animal	animals
user5553	like_activity	walking
user5553	like_activity	watching
user5553	like_activity	working out
user5554	physical_attribute	1 arm
user5554	have_family	sibling
user5554	has_profession	farmer
user5554	like_activity	hiking
user5555	like_food	cheese
user5555	dislike	driving
user5555	has_age	under 50
user5555	like_music	backstreet boys
user5556	have_family	<blank>
user5556	like_activity	hiking
user5556	live_in_general	alone
user5556	dislike	formal situations
user5557	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user5557	like_general	<blank>
user5557	own	30 shoes
user5557	have_pet	4 cat
user5557	like_activity	skateboarding
user5558	have_family	uncle
user5558	misc_attribute	afraid
user5558	live_in_general	sister
user5558	like_activity	clean
user5558	like_read	<blank>
user5559	like_goto	rock concerts
user5559	has_age	18
user5559	place_origin	farm
user5559	other	carnivore
user5560	like_activity	cycling
user5560	has_profession	salesman
user5560	have	condo
user5560	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user5561	like_movie	gone with the wind
user5561	like_general	red
user5561	have_pet	2 reptile
user5561	physical_attribute	purple hair
user5562	like_sports	badminton
user5562	dislike	basketball
user5562	dislike	vegetables
user5562	misc_attribute	helpful
user5563	job_status	unemployed
user5563	have_family	mother
user5563	have	birthday in june
user5563	have_pet	cat
user5563	favorite_season	summer
user5564	like_food	egg
user5564	like_activity	drawing
user5564	like_general	people
user5564	like_drink	tea
user5565	like_food	hummus
user5565	has_profession	nurse
user5565	other	mother
user5565	want	child
user5565	misc_attribute	bipolar
user5566	like_sports	steelers
user5566	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user5566	has_hobby	traveling
user5566	attend_school	university
user5567	<blank>	<blank>
user5567	has_profession	scientist
user5567	has_hobby	cooking
user5567	live_in_general	alone
user5568	has_ability	4 speak language
user5568	other	award winning 4h member
user5568	has_profession	plumber
user5568	has_ability	impersonations
user5569	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user5569	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user5569	like_general	weather
user5569	has_profession	national guard officer
user5570	has_profession	finance
user5570	school_status	graduated
user5570	other	look down on people
user5570	like_food	takeout
user5571	favorite	hero
user5571	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user5571	favorite_season	summer
user5571	dislike	dresses
user5572	place_origin	mexico
user5572	like_activity	walking
user5572	teach	<blank>
user5572	like_activity	baking
user5573	other	mother
user5573	marital_status	married
user5573	have_chidren	grandchildren
user5573	own	upholstery shop
user5573	live_in_general	by a lake
user5574	employed_by_company	google
user5574	has_profession	engineer
user5574	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user5574	employed_by_company	google
user5575	has_ability	play instrument
user5575	own	mansion
user5575	has_profession	rapper
user5575	have_vehicle	ferrari
user5576	place_origin	mexico
user5576	like_activity	baking
user5576	like_activity	walking
user5576	teach	<blank>
user5577	live_in_general	los angeles
user5577	have_pet	1 dog
user5577	want_job	actor
user5577	has_ability	dance and sing
user5577	has_ability	speak language
user5578	like_activity	fishing
user5578	dislike	losing
user5578	have	boots
user5579	dislike	driving
user5579	has_age	under 50
user5579	like_food	cheese
user5579	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user5580	attend_school	university
user5580	live_in_general	a home
user5580	like_music	death metal
user5581	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user5581	has_ability	not technology
user5581	misc_attribute	depressed
user5581	like_general	place
user5582	has_hobby	photography
user5582	own	0 television
user5582	has_ability	pilot
user5582	live_in_general	mountains
user5582	has_profession	lawyer
user5583	other	birth date
user5583	attend_school	law school
user5583	has_ability	baking
user5584	like_activity	travel
user5584	like_general	place
user5584	like_activity	building
user5584	<blank>	<blank>
user5584	physical_attribute	tall
user5585	have	1 shoes
user5585	physical_attribute	allergic
user5585	favorite	eat at restaurant
user5585	like_general	having my back scratched
user5586	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user5586	other	vegetarian
user5586	has_hobby	reading
user5586	employed_by_general	flower shop
user5587	employed_by_general	<blank>
user5587	other	christian
user5587	like_activity	football
user5588	school_status	student
user5588	employed_by_general	restaurant
user5588	like_goto	beach
user5588	like_activity	partying
user5588	attend_school	university
user5589	misc_attribute	confident
user5589	like_food	fish
user5589	other	democrat
user5589	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user5590	dislike	afraid of the dark
user5590	has_profession	design video games
user5590	favorite_music	rock
user5590	dislike	broccoli
user5591	have_pet	cat
user5591	like_general	books
user5591	employed_by_general	cafe
user5591	like_activity	sewing
user5592	like_activity	cooking
user5592	previous_profession	nurse
user5592	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user5593	want_do	home
user5593	has_ability	play instrument
user5593	like_activity	<blank>
user5593	have	friend
user5593	has_profession	musician
user5594	has_hobby	band
user5594	want_job	director
user5594	misc_attribute	sociable
user5595	has_profession	writer
user5595	has_profession	teacher
user5595	like_music	country
user5595	has_hobby	puzzles
user5596	like_activity	walking
user5596	other	named after my grandmother
user5596	have	friend
user5596	own	honda civic
user5597	job_status	employed
user5597	favorite_book	tale of genji
user5597	physical_attribute	purple hair
user5598	like_sports	soccer
user5598	like_activity	working out
user5598	want	cool
user5598	misc_attribute	healthy
user5599	have_family	2 children
user5599	want	more iron in my diet
user5599	like_general	adam levine
user5599	like_food	kale
user5600	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user5600	have_chidren	daughter
user5600	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user5600	like_general	christmas
user5600	want	magic was real
user5601	dislike	bread
user5602	like_food	cheesecake
user5602	like_activity	running
user5602	favorite_movie	16 candles
user5602	have_chidren	2 children
user5602	job_status	employed
user5603	have_vehicle	ford
user5603	has_hobby	shopping
user5603	like_general	katy perry
user5603	employed_by_general	retailer
user5603	like_drink	coke
user5604	like_activity	walking
user5604	like_activity	watching
user5604	like_animal	animals
user5605	place_origin	seattle
user5605	other	buddhist
user5605	has_profession	public relations
user5605	other	vegan
user5605	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user5606	other	vegetarian
user5606	dislike	traffic
user5607	dislike	green eggs and ham
user5607	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user5607	like_activity	cooking
user5607	like_activity	swimming
user5608	like_activity	running
user5608	favorite_place	new york
user5608	marital_status	divorced
user5608	has_profession	lawyer
user5609	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user5609	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user5609	like_activity	whittling
user5609	other	carnivore
user5609	favorite_movie	good burger
user5610	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user5610	like_food	vegetarian
user5610	like_music	classic rock
user5610	attend_school	local college
user5611	has_hobby	gardening
user5611	have_pet	cat
user5611	live_in_general	small city
user5611	like_activity	cooking
user5612	has_hobby	tabletop games
user5612	live_in_general	a home
user5612	have	crush
user5612	like_activity	rpg computer games
user5613	like_activity	reading
user5613	have_pet	2 cat
user5613	have_pet	cat
user5613	like_food	tuna
user5614	dislike	spider
user5614	favorite_activity	pray
user5614	has_ability	left sock first.
user5615	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user5615	has_age	adult
user5615	member_of	hobby club
user5615	has_hobby	driving
user5615	have	10 tattoos
user5616	like_goto	gym
user5616	have_pet	3 pets
user5616	like_animal	<blank>
user5616	want_job	veterinarian
user5616	other	dieting
user5617	has_hobby	skateboarding
user5617	have	crush
user5617	attend_school	university
user5617	have	t-shirt and jeans
user5617	like_food	candy
user5618	like_read	mystery
user5618	attend_school	graduate school
user5618	other	youngest
user5618	has_hobby	tennis
user5618	attend_school	university
user5619	dislike	social obligations
user5619	like_watching	foreign
user5619	like_sports	running
user5619	dislike	eating out
user5620	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user5620	like_read	<blank>
user5621	like_food	bagels
user5621	like_activity	running
user5621	like_drink	coke
user5621	like_animal	dog
user5622	like_music	10 concerts
user5622	like_music	any
user5622	like_music	madonna
user5622	employed_by_general	retailer
user5623	has_hobby	cheerleading
user5623	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user5623	has_profession	blogger
user5623	like_activity	shopping
user5623	have_chidren	children
user5624	have	phone
user5624	like_activity	basketball
user5624	like_general	the night
user5624	like_activity	shopping
user5625	has_hobby	traveling
user5625	like_animal	dog
user5625	like_food	pizza
user5625	place_origin	beach
user5626	misc_attribute	crazy
user5626	like_activity	making people smile
user5626	like_activity	filming
user5626	dislike	death
user5626	has_ability	bad lying
user5627	other	parents are teachers
user5627	like_goto	local animal shelter
user5627	have_pet	2 cat
user5627	has_hobby	hunting
user5627	have_chidren	2 children
user5628	attend_school	university
user5628	have	name
user5628	has_ability	play instrument
user5628	has_age	25
user5629	want_do	college.
user5629	favorite	actor robert denaro
user5629	like_general	snow
user5629	employed_by_general	hotel
user5630	dislike	swimsuit
user5630	favorite_season	winter
user5631	misc_attribute	frustrated
user5631	other	mother 2 daughters
user5631	misc_attribute	people person
user5631	like_activity	rock climbing
user5632	job_status	employed
user5632	like_music	pink
user5632	want_job	aide
user5632	like_drink	coffee
user5633	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user5633	have_sibling	twins
user5633	dislike	heights
user5633	favorite	superman
user5634	employed_by_general	theater
user5634	marital_status	engaged
user5634	like_read	history
user5635	employed_by_general	brewery
user5635	like_activity	traveling
user5635	marital_status	married
user5635	like_goto	casino
user5635	like_drink	32 beer
user5636	favorite_activity	pray
user5636	has_ability	left sock first.
user5636	have	condition
user5636	dislike	spider
user5637	have_pet	2 dog
user5637	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user5637	have_pet	2 dog
user5637	like_animal	dog
user5638	like_food	mcdonalds
user5638	like_music	pop
user5638	like_watching	nascar
user5638	want	house on beach
user5639	like_read	history
user5639	like_activity	dance
user5639	has_profession	teacher
user5639	place_origin	new hampshire
user5640	want	corvette
user5640	physical_attribute	hungry
user5640	misc_attribute	insecure
user5640	other	<blank>
user5640	marital_status	married
user5641	live_in_general	near the ocean
user5641	like_general	shoes
user5641	like_food	fish
user5641	have_vehicle	boat
user5642	have_pet	2 cat
user5642	favorite_sport	soccer
user5642	nationality	canada
user5643	have_chidren	3 children
user5643	has_profession	teacher
user5643	live_in_general	suburbs
user5643	<blank>	<blank>
user5643	school_status	graduated
user5644	dislike	heights
user5644	have_sibling	twins
user5644	have_chidren	partner
user5644	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user5645	like_drink	tea
user5645	like_food	egg
user5645	like_activity	drawing
user5645	like_sports	cycling
user5646	like_food	ice cream
user5646	like_activity	painting
user5646	like_food	cookies
user5646	like_food	pasta
user5647	has_profession	scientist
user5647	has_hobby	gymnastics
user5647	like_music	the beatles
user5647	physical_attribute	tall
user5648	like_food	chinese
user5648	have	bas social life
user5648	like_general	going to bed late
user5648	has_profession	make robots
user5648	marital_status	single
user5649	like_general	<blank>
user5649	like_activity	walking
user5649	job_status	employed
user5649	have_pet	2 dog
user5650	has_ability	play instrument
user5650	has_ability	play instrument
user5651	has_profession	mechanic
user5651	have_vehicle	car
user5651	have_pet	1 dog
user5651	like_sports	surfing
user5651	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user5652	favorite_movie	horror
user5652	other	christian
user5652	has_profession	veterinarian
user5652	favorite_book	stephen king
user5653	have_vehicle	ferrari
user5653	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user5653	has_profession	rapper
user5653	own	mansion
user5654	job_status	retired
user5654	like_activity	dating women
user5654	like_activity	working out
user5654	like_activity	cooking
user5654	like_activity	going to bars
user5655	physical_attribute	allergic
user5655	have	trouble connecting with family
user5655	misc_attribute	shy
user5655	like_food	vegetables
user5655	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user5656	has_hobby	pet
user5656	like_watching	stars
user5656	want	porsche
user5656	physical_attribute	short
user5656	school_status	student
user5657	has_profession	car salesman
user5657	like_activity	painting
user5657	like_food	meat
user5658	like_activity	napping
user5658	like_watching	sport
user5658	has_hobby	singing
user5659	marital_status	married
user5659	have_chidren	grandchildren
user5659	own	upholstery shop
user5659	other	mother
user5660	attend_school	university
user5660	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5660	like_music	metallica
user5660	have_pet	4 cat
user5661	favorite_animal	panda
user5661	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user5661	like_read	crime
user5661	like_food	egg
user5662	teach	first grade
user5662	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user5662	like_drink	iced tea
user5662	marital_status	married
user5662	has_hobby	shopping
user5663	like_activity	shopping
user5663	like_read	fantasy
user5663	like_activity	swimming
user5663	employed_by_company	monsanto
user5664	have_pet	3 dog
user5664	like_activity	cooking
user5664	want	someone
user5664	employed_by_general	architect firm
user5665	want_do	drugs
user5665	like_music	ke ha
user5665	like_activity	living in texas
user5665	dislike	pudding
user5666	physical_attribute	athletic
user5666	physical_attribute	brunette
user5666	like_activity	cycling
user5666	like_food	carrots
user5666	own	wear contacts
user5667	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user5667	like_activity	manicures
user5667	other	allergic to cats
user5667	have_chidren	son
user5668	have_family	big family
user5668	want	weather
user5668	school_status	graduated
user5668	place_origin	outside the us
user5668	like_food	all
user5669	misc_attribute	insecure
user5669	other	sexual identity
user5669	misc_attribute	confused
user5669	gender	different
user5670	have_family	0 mother
user5670	like_goto	comedy clubs
user5670	place_origin	england
user5670	like_general	model building
user5671	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user5671	has_hobby	writing
user5671	want_do	make more money
user5671	like_general	pens
user5672	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user5672	place_origin	london
user5672	like_activity	painting
user5672	job_status	employed
user5672	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user5673	like_animal	dog
user5673	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user5673	own	home
user5673	favorite_color	purple
user5673	like_sports	swimming
user5674	has_hobby	working out
user5674	have	many cars
user5674	like_sports	basketball
user5675	like_animal	dog
user5675	has_age	15
user5675	want_job	veterinarian
user5675	school_status	student
user5676	job_status	employed
user5676	like_animal	cat
user5676	like_general	car
user5676	favorite_color	green
user5676	like_activity	travel
user5677	has_hobby	hiking
user5677	has_profession	artist
user5677	have_pet	2 dog
user5677	want_do	move
user5677	has_ability	speak language
user5678	dislike	spider
user5678	has_ability	left sock first.
user5678	have	condition
user5679	has_profession	farmer
user5679	have	never flown on an airplane
user5679	have	girlfriend
user5679	favorite_season	duck hunting
user5679	like_activity	tailgate parties
user5680	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user5680	has_ability	speak language
user5680	have	started a fire
user5680	own	an edged weapon
user5680	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user5681	have_vehicle	prius
user5681	like_general	canadian women
user5681	like_food	ginger snaps
user5681	has_hobby	hiking
user5682	has_profession	teacher
user5682	like_food	chocolate
user5682	have_sibling	twin sister
user5682	has_hobby	yoga
user5683	misc_attribute	sociable
user5683	has_hobby	band
user5683	has_ability	play instrument
user5683	want_job	director
user5684	misc_attribute	cold
user5684	has_hobby	writing
user5684	<blank>	<blank>
user5684	has_hobby	shopping
user5684	live_in_general	alone
user5685	employed_by_general	army
user5685	attend_school	university
user5685	has_ability	fly airplane
user5685	like_activity	building computers
user5686	attend_school	high school
user5686	attend_school	graduate school
user5686	has_hobby	dancing
user5687	employed_by_general	it
user5687	like_music	rap
user5687	like_food	meat
user5688	has_hobby	tennis
user5688	other	youngest
user5688	like_read	mystery
user5688	attend_school	graduate school
user5688	attend_school	university
user5689	like_food	cheetos
user5689	dislike	mexican food
user5689	have	4 visited mexico
user5689	like_activity	skiing
user5690	like_food	cheese
user5690	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user5690	employed_by_general	factory
user5690	like_activity	travel
user5690	like_watching	ufc fights
user5691	like_general	place
user5691	other	wild child
user5691	have_pet	2 dog
user5691	favorite_color	red
user5691	want_do	travel
user5692	school_status	student
user5692	other	youngest
user5692	like_general	blue
user5692	have_sibling	2 brother
user5693	have_pet	koi
user5693	has_ability	play instrument
user5693	has_profession	musician
user5693	has_hobby	gardening
user5693	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user5694	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user5694	has_profession	coffee shop
user5694	have_pet	cat
user5694	school_status	student
user5695	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user5695	like_music	rock
user5695	like_sports	basketball
user5695	other	name is gerald
user5695	favorite_color	green
user5696	like_watching	western
user5696	want_do	travel
user5696	have_chidren	2 children
user5696	has_profession	yoga instruction
user5697	place_origin	nevada
user5697	like_animal	dog
user5697	other	orphan
user5697	previous_profession	pilot
user5697	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user5698	dislike	spiders
user5698	have_pet	2 dog
user5698	other	parents in the military
user5698	has_profession	pilot
user5699	like_general	model building
user5699	have_family	0 mother
user5699	like_activity	camping
user5699	like_goto	comedy clubs
user5700	like_general	impala
user5700	like_music	classic
user5700	like_activity	fishing
user5700	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user5700	favorite_season	summer
user5701	like_animal	rabbit
user5701	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user5701	place_origin	alabama
user5701	like_watching	game of thrones
user5702	like_general	red
user5702	dislike	snake
user5702	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user5702	like_activity	hiking
user5703	like_food	italian cuisine
user5703	like_music	concerts
user5703	has_profession	librarian
user5703	job_status	volunteer
user5703	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user5704	like_general	cabins in the woods
user5704	like_activity	swimming
user5704	has_hobby	traveling
user5704	has_hobby	traveling
user5704	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user5705	like_general	red shoes
user5705	<blank>	<blank>
user5705	have_vehicle	car
user5705	have	red purse
user5705	own	red lipstick
user5706	physical_attribute	short
user5706	favorite_book	david copperfield
user5706	have_sibling	twin brother
user5706	has_hobby	baking
user5707	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user5707	has_hobby	fashion
user5707	like_activity	traveling
user5707	like_music	van halen
user5707	want_job	doctor
user5708	own	house
user5708	employed_by_general	craft store
user5708	like_music	alternative rock
user5708	like_activity	crocheting
user5708	favorite	holiday
user5709	employed_by_general	retailer
user5709	like_food	food with no animal product
user5709	live_in_general	coast
user5709	physical_attribute	red hair
user5710	have_sibling	8 children
user5710	like_food	mcdonalds
user5710	have	friends
user5710	want	love
user5711	have_family	only child
user5711	have_family	adopted
user5711	has_hobby	horseback riding
user5711	misc_attribute	cold
user5711	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user5712	like_goto	local animal shelter
user5712	other	parents are teachers
user5712	have_pet	2 cat
user5712	have_chidren	2 children
user5713	has_profession	translator
user5713	job_status	unemployed
user5713	want_job	author
user5713	dislike	career
user5713	has_hobby	writing
user5714	has_ability	play instrument
user5714	like_activity	gardening
user5714	misc_attribute	helpful
user5714	have_sibling	twin brother
user5714	want_do	skydiving
user5715	has_profession	travel agent
user5715	like_activity	working out
user5715	favorite_place	jamaica
user5716	favorite_color	yellow
user5716	like_activity	working out
user5716	like_activity	game halo
user5716	like_read	<blank>
user5717	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user5717	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user5717	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user5717	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user5718	like_activity	video games
user5718	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user5718	like_activity	racing rc cars
user5718	like_food	fish
user5718	have_pet	dog
user5719	have	obsession with dog
user5719	has_hobby	cooking
user5719	attend_school	graduate school
user5719	have_family	niece
user5720	has_hobby	biking
user5720	like_goto	outdoors
user5720	has_hobby	hiking
user5720	favorite	pancakes
user5720	marital_status	in a relationship
user5721	has_ability	sleep
user5721	want_do	texting
user5721	like_sports	hockey
user5721	favorite_activity	computer time
user5722	has_hobby	traveling
user5722	favorite_food	ice cream
user5722	has_profession	construction
user5722	attend_school	university
user5723	like_general	furniture
user5723	has_ability	play instrument
user5723	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user5723	own	cds
user5724	want_do	change the world
user5724	like_general	jokes
user5724	has_hobby	volunteer
user5724	misc_attribute	punctual
user5725	favorite_place	jamaica
user5725	has_degree	creative writing
user5725	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user5725	like_activity	reading
user5725	have_sibling	3 sister
user5726	physical_attribute	strong
user5726	like_animal	cat
user5726	misc_attribute	athletic
user5727	have_chidren	3 children
user5727	have	friend
user5727	own	honda civic
user5727	other	named after my grandmother
user5727	like_activity	walking
user5728	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user5728	physical_attribute	blonde
user5728	like_general	money
user5728	other	feet smell
user5729	have_pet	10 alpacas
user5729	own	home
user5729	member_of	city council
user5729	like_food	locally sourced
user5729	like_activity	outdoors
user5730	like_goto	animal shelters
user5730	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user5730	like_animal	<blank>
user5730	like_watching	animals
user5731	dislike	tofu
user5731	employed_by_general	<blank>
user5731	have_vehicle	prius
user5732	like_activity	traveling
user5732	want_job	doctor
user5732	like_music	van halen
user5732	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user5733	employed_by_general	hospital
user5733	physical_attribute	pink hair
user5733	other	allergic to bees
user5733	have_sibling	sibling
user5733	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user5734	have_sibling	twin sister
user5734	has_profession	pilot
user5734	favorite_food	fried chicken
user5735	has_ability	play instrument
user5735	want_do	home
user5735	has_profession	musician
user5735	like_activity	<blank>
user5735	have	friend
user5736	like_activity	hanging out
user5736	have_vehicle	car
user5736	want_job	entrepreneur
user5736	like_sports	fan
user5736	like_activity	politics
user5737	like_activity	reading
user5737	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user5737	like_sports	football
user5738	attend_school	high school
user5738	other	no accent
user5738	attend_school	university
user5738	own	motorcycle
user5739	like_food	sushi
user5739	like_animal	dog
user5739	like_general	blue
user5739	own	car
user5740	like_activity	painting
user5740	like_food	pizza
user5740	like_activity	gardening
user5740	gender	male
user5740	favorite_music_artist	ween
user5741	attend_school	high school
user5741	like_watching	greys anatomy
user5741	misc_attribute	organized
user5741	like_general	mother
user5742	misc_attribute	weird
user5742	misc_attribute	lazy
user5742	has_hobby	skateboarding
user5742	have	2 hair
user5743	own	garden
user5743	like_watching	anime
user5743	own	2 laptops
user5743	like_food	chocolate
user5744	favorite_music	pop
user5744	has_hobby	writing
user5744	like_activity	video games
user5744	employed_by_general	hotel
user5745	like_music	the rolling stones
user5745	like_drink	soda
user5745	marital_status	married
user5745	have_chidren	3 children
user5746	job_status	unemployed
user5746	have_family	mother
user5746	have_pet	cat
user5746	have	birthday in june
user5746	favorite_season	summer
user5747	favorite	donna karen clothes
user5747	misc_attribute	religious
user5747	has_profession	teacher
user5747	has_hobby	singing
user5748	has_ability	baking
user5748	other	birth date
user5748	attend_school	law school
user5749	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user5749	like_music	rap
user5749	own	sneakers
user5749	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user5749	favorite	sleep
user5750	favorite_place	jamaica
user5750	like_activity	working out
user5750	has_profession	travel agent
user5750	like_activity	traveling
user5751	like_food	chocolate
user5751	has_profession	psychologist
user5751	<blank>	play instrument
user5751	has_hobby	geocache
user5751	have_family	sibling
user5752	like_sports	<blank>
user5752	like_drink	water
user5752	attend_school	university
user5752	like_activity	watching television
user5752	have	been in two car crashes
user5753	have_pet	cat
user5753	like_goto	starbucks
user5753	like_goto	antique stores
user5753	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user5754	like_activity	clubbing
user5754	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user5754	own	universe
user5754	has_profession	dental assistant
user5755	have_chidren	1 child
user5755	have_pet	2 dog
user5755	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user5755	favorite_drink	red wine
user5755	like_activity	gardening
user5756	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user5756	like_food	beets
user5756	has_profession	salesman
user5756	live_in_general	farm
user5757	attend_school	classes
user5757	like_activity	cooking
user5757	has_hobby	cooking
user5757	misc_attribute	talent
user5758	dislike	country and jazz music
user5758	favorite_food	italian
user5758	has_hobby	working out
user5758	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user5758	favorite_book	middlesex
user5759	job_status	employed
user5759	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user5759	dislike	coworker
user5759	marital_status	single
user5760	have_vehicle	prius
user5760	physical_attribute	freckles
user5760	has_profession	builder
user5760	like_read	romance
user5760	employed_by_general	army
user5761	like_general	baltimore ravens
user5761	has_profession	athlete
user5761	has_hobby	football
user5761	like_sports	football
user5762	like_food	shrimp
user5762	has_hobby	gambling
user5762	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user5763	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user5763	has_degree	masters
user5763	own	my home
user5763	marital_status	married
user5764	employed_by_general	university
user5764	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user5764	like_goto	"farmers market"
user5764	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user5765	other	<blank>
user5765	has_age	8
user5765	favorite	superman
user5765	want_job	superhero
user5765	like_read	comics
user5766	other	adopted
user5766	dislike	future
user5766	have	6 siblings
user5767	has_hobby	singing
user5767	like_activity	napping
user5767	like_watching	sport
user5767	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user5768	misc_attribute	creative
user5768	want_do	give up
user5768	like_general	comics
user5768	has_hobby	drawing
user5769	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user5769	has_ability	speak language
user5769	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user5770	have_chidren	2 children
user5770	has_profession	doctor
user5770	has_hobby	baseball
user5771	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user5771	have_pet	cat
user5771	favorite_food	subway
user5771	like_goto	starbucks
user5772	have_pet	dog
user5772	job_status	unemployed
user5772	like_activity	getting nails done
user5772	like_drink	expensive wine
user5773	physical_attribute	attractive
user5773	want	attractive
user5773	physical_attribute	overweight
user5773	other	mother
user5773	like_activity	eating
user5774	previous_profession	reporter
user5774	other	recovering alcoholic
user5774	live_in_general	condo
user5774	have	large mustache
user5775	have_pet	2 dog
user5775	has_hobby	hiking
user5775	want_do	move
user5775	has_ability	speak language
user5776	have_pet	cat
user5776	like_general	comics
user5776	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user5776	job_status	employed
user5777	has_hobby	working out
user5777	dislike	country and jazz music
user5777	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user5777	favorite_book	middlesex
user5777	favorite_food	italian
user5778	misc_attribute	talent
user5778	job_status	unemployed
user5778	attend_school	classes
user5778	like_activity	cooking
user5779	have	an online business
user5779	has_hobby	yoga
user5779	has_profession	marketing
user5779	has_ability	meditate
user5780	has_profession	reality tv star
user5780	previous_profession	clown
user5780	like_music	country
user5780	like_sports	surfing
user5781	like_general	the weather
user5781	like_activity	skiing
user5781	place_origin	colorado
user5781	like_activity	hiking
user5781	like_music	one direction
user5782	dislike	vegetables
user5782	has_hobby	running
user5782	like_activity	spending time with family
user5782	favorite	truck
user5782	favorite_place	american eagle
user5783	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user5783	own	my home
user5783	marital_status	married
user5783	has_degree	masters
user5784	other	bad luck with relationships
user5784	dislike	homework
user5784	job_status	employed
user5784	misc_attribute	romantic
user5785	other	birth date
user5785	has_ability	baking
user5786	have_vehicle	suv
user5786	has_degree	law
user5786	have	vacation home
user5786	have_chidren	2 children
user5786	have_pet	3 dog
user5787	has_profession	musician
user5787	has_ability	play instrument
user5787	have_pet	koi
user5787	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user5787	has_hobby	gardening
user5788	want_job	unspecified
user5788	have_pet	1 dog
user5788	like_general	red
user5788	physical_attribute	short
user5788	have_sibling	2 sibling
user5789	have_chidren	children
user5789	live_in_general	rural area
user5789	gender	female
user5790	want_job	actor
user5790	school_status	student
user5790	like_general	love
user5790	has_hobby	community theater
user5791	has_profession	actor
user5791	has_hobby	filmmaking
user5791	previous_profession	actor
user5791	has_profession	actor
user5791	has_profession	actor
user5792	like_read	history
user5792	has_ability	play instrument
user5792	has_profession	baseball player
user5793	like_movie	john grisham
user5793	has_ability	play instrument
user5794	has_profession	chef
user5794	like_activity	cooking
user5794	want_job	restauranteur
user5794	favorite_color	hunter green
user5795	like_activity	darts
user5795	like_drink	beer
user5795	employed_by_general	large company
user5795	like_activity	fixing
user5795	like_music	classic rock
user5796	physical_attribute	overweight
user5796	has_profession	designer
user5796	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user5796	physical_attribute	tall
user5797	have_sibling	sibling
user5797	like_general	computers
user5797	like_activity	0 thinking
user5797	misc_attribute	nerd
user5797	has_ability	math
user5798	like_music	opera
user5798	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user5798	live_in_general	condo
user5798	misc_attribute	focused
user5798	favorite_food	steak
user5799	want_job	author
user5799	like_drink	iced tea
user5799	has_hobby	writing
user5799	employed_by_general	bookstore
user5800	like_activity	hunting
user5800	have_pet	2 dog
user5800	has_profession	police
user5800	<blank>	<blank>
user5801	have	beard
user5801	school_status	graduated
user5801	like_music	rap
user5801	live_in_general	farm
user5801	own	truck
user5802	has_profession	barista
user5802	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user5802	has_ability	speak language
user5803	teach	<blank>
user5803	like_activity	baking
user5803	have_pet	2 cat
user5803	place_origin	mexico
user5803	like_activity	walking
user5804	want_do	go to europe
user5804	like_activity	dancing
user5804	gender	female
user5804	like_activity	shopping
user5804	have	never
user5805	have_chidren	5 children
user5805	like_general	gadgets
user5805	like_activity	socialize
user5805	like_activity	drawing
user5806	like_activity	dancing
user5806	like_goto	foreign countries
user5806	have_family	only child
user5806	physical_attribute	blonde
user5806	have_pet	3 cat
user5807	like_drink	coke
user5807	has_hobby	shopping
user5807	like_general	katy perry
user5807	employed_by_general	retailer
user5808	have_sibling	3 sibling
user5808	like_general	blue
user5808	like_activity	drawing
user5808	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user5809	physical_attribute	purple hair
user5809	physical_attribute	tall
user5809	misc_attribute	genius
user5809	misc_attribute	bizarre
user5810	favorite_show	friends
user5810	favorite_food	sushi
user5810	has_profession	<blank>
user5810	have	timeshare
user5811	attend_school	graduate school
user5811	attend_school	university
user5811	like_read	mystery
user5811	other	youngest
user5811	has_hobby	tennis
user5812	favorite_place	florida
user5812	favorite_color	yellow
user5812	like_activity	skiing
user5813	like_activity	skateboarding
user5813	like_music	<blank>
user5813	like_music	guitar
user5813	other	vegan
user5813	like_activity	cycling
user5814	like_goto	restaurant
user5814	like_activity	driving
user5814	like_read	in a series
user5814	like_general	to chat with my friends
user5815	have	brown belt
user5815	has_hobby	singing
user5815	have_family	grandmother
user5816	like_activity	cooking
user5816	like_activity	working out
user5816	job_status	retired
user5816	like_activity	dating women
user5817	like_sports	basketball
user5817	place_origin	texas
user5817	have_chidren	<blank>
user5817	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user5817	job_status	employed
user5818	other	familiarity with hospitals and doctors
user5818	other	0 chewing food
user5818	have	medical bills
user5818	physical_attribute	slow
user5819	like_goto	park
user5819	has_hobby	reading
user5819	employed_by_general	museum
user5819	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user5819	other	not many friends
user5820	other	lactose intolerant
user5820	favorite_color	orange
user5820	have_pet	parakeet
user5820	have	3 roommate
user5821	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user5821	like_movie	romantic comedy
user5821	like_activity	writing
user5821	has_profession	yoga instruction
user5821	misc_attribute	healthy
user5822	like_food	bagels
user5822	like_animal	dog
user5822	like_activity	baking
user5822	like_drink	coke
user5823	like_food	tuna fish
user5823	like_food	gummy worms
user5823	physical_attribute	brunette
user5823	favorite_music	rock opera
user5823	like_read	science fiction
user5824	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user5824	like_general	red
user5824	like_activity	dance
user5825	job_status	employed
user5825	other	vegetarian
user5825	have_sibling	sister
user5825	dislike	clowns
user5825	have_pet	4 cat
user5826	favorite_show	game of thrones
user5826	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user5826	like_activity	watching television
user5826	like_activity	cosplay
user5827	has_ability	play instrument
user5827	has_ability	dance
user5827	like_general	going to bed late
user5827	like_activity	singing
user5828	like_drink	iced tea
user5828	dislike	heights
user5828	have_sibling	4 sibling
user5829	own	chevy tahoe
user5829	favorite_food	steak
user5829	has_ability	not swim
user5829	like_music	rock
user5830	want_job	singer
user5830	like_animal	animals
user5830	favorite_color	green
user5830	like_sports	tennis
user5831	favorite	rose
user5831	favorite_color	orange
user5831	other	vegan
user5831	have_pet	cat
user5832	misc_attribute	talent
user5832	job_status	unemployed
user5832	has_hobby	cooking
user5832	like_activity	cooking
user5832	attend_school	classes
user5833	has_ability	play instrument
user5833	physical_attribute	going bald
user5833	like_general	jimmy fallon
user5833	dislike	flowers
user5834	has_profession	teacher
user5834	has_age	35
user5834	teach	japanese and drawing
user5834	misc_attribute	accent
user5835	like_activity	video games
user5835	employed_by_general	hotel
user5835	like_food	junk food
user5835	has_hobby	writing
user5836	physical_attribute	overweight
user5836	gender	male
user5836	like_food	candy
user5836	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user5836	like_movie	godfather
user5837	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user5837	has_profession	cleaner
user5837	like_activity	cooking
user5837	marital_status	married
user5838	physical_attribute	round
user5838	physical_attribute	short
user5838	like_activity	reading
user5838	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user5839	like_activity	singing
user5839	has_profession	truck driver
user5839	place_origin	trailer park
user5839	have_chidren	3 children
user5840	favorite_book	stephen king
user5840	like_activity	reading
user5840	has_profession	veterinarian
user5840	other	christian
user5840	favorite_movie	horror
user5841	want_job	in the federal court
user5841	previous_profession	lawyer
user5841	misc_attribute	fair
user5841	has_profession	judge
user5841	other	albert
user5842	like_read	fiction
user5842	favorite_book	science fiction
user5842	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user5842	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user5842	has_hobby	football
user5843	have_sibling	1 sister
user5843	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user5843	other	premature
user5844	like_activity	fashion
user5844	have	"drivers license"
user5844	have_family	father
user5844	like_music	kurt cobain
user5845	has_hobby	traveling
user5845	favorite_music	rock
user5845	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user5845	like_sports	skiing
user5846	job_status	volunteer
user5846	like_music	concerts
user5846	like_food	italian cuisine
user5846	has_profession	librarian
user5847	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user5847	like_read	books
user5848	physical_attribute	athletic
user5848	want	responsible
user5848	school_status	student
user5848	have	friends
user5848	misc_attribute	distrustful
user5849	misc_attribute	careful
user5849	other	jack of all trades
user5849	misc_attribute	unsociable
user5849	like_food	sweets
user5850	has_hobby	traveling
user5850	has_profession	technician
user5850	has_profession	engineer
user5850	like_activity	dancing
user5851	have	long fingers
user5851	physical_attribute	long legs
user5851	dislike	shrimp
user5851	like_general	skeleton
user5852	dislike	swimsuits
user5852	other	am frugal
user5852	favorite_season	winter
user5853	has_hobby	yoga
user5853	job_status	employed
user5853	like_activity	shopping
user5853	have	"dont have children"
user5853	like_goto	pool
user5854	employed_by_general	hospital
user5854	has_age	20
user5854	like_food	pasta
user5854	school_status	student
user5855	has_hobby	hiking
user5855	like_activity	relieving myself
user5855	like_general	canadian women
user5855	like_food	ginger snaps
user5856	physical_attribute	<blank>
user5856	have	2 hair
user5856	misc_attribute	lazy
user5856	misc_attribute	weird
user5856	has_hobby	skateboarding
user5857	marital_status	married
user5857	have_sibling	twin sister
user5857	favorite_food	fried chicken
user5857	has_profession	pilot
user5858	want_do	<blank>
user5858	have_sibling	sister
user5858	like_watching	netflix
user5858	want_do	learning
user5859	employed_by_general	daycare
user5859	school_status	major in business administration
user5859	have	a significant other
user5860	physical_attribute	pregnant
user5860	physical_attribute	sick
user5860	have_chidren	twins
user5860	have_chidren	3 children
user5861	have	nice smile
user5861	misc_attribute	nice
user5861	like_general	makeup
user5861	like_activity	working out
user5862	want_job	aide
user5862	like_drink	coffee
user5862	like_music	pink
user5862	job_status	employed
user5863	attend_school	university
user5863	has_ability	sorting books
user5863	want_job	journalist
user5863	like_read	fantasy
user5864	like_activity	running
user5864	physical_attribute	buff
user5864	dislike	vegetables
user5864	has_age	9
user5865	have	tattoos
user5865	like_activity	drinking
user5865	like_animal	dog
user5865	have_pet	dog
user5865	has_profession	photographer
user5866	like_food	pizza
user5866	nationality	united states
user5866	like_read	mystery
user5866	like_goto	beach
user5867	like_food	candy
user5867	have_pet	3 cat
user5867	has_profession	package delivery
user5867	have_vehicle	honda
user5867	misc_attribute	funny
user5868	favorite_book	jane austen
user5868	like_food	fish
user5868	like_general	shoes
user5868	have_vehicle	boat
user5868	live_in_general	near the ocean
user5869	like_general	the color blue
user5869	physical_attribute	blue hair
user5869	like_music	elvis
user5869	have_vehicle	car
user5869	own	blue shoes
user5870	like_drink	coffee
user5870	want_job	aide
user5870	job_status	employed
user5871	favorite_music_artist	rush
user5871	other	colour blind
user5871	have_chidren	2 children
user5871	has_ability	3 speak language
user5872	have	garden
user5872	like_activity	baking
user5872	has_hobby	sewing
user5872	like_activity	swimming
user5872	employed_by_company	grocery store
user5873	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user5873	dislike	riding the bus
user5873	like_general	littlest things
user5874	have_pet	dog
user5874	like_activity	hiking
user5874	has_profession	advertising executive
user5875	like_activity	reenactment
user5875	has_ability	film making
user5875	has_hobby	travel
user5875	has_ability	6 tv news
user5876	like_general	gadgets
user5876	have_chidren	5 children
user5876	like_activity	drawing
user5876	like_activity	socialize
user5876	like_general	babies
user5877	attend_school	university
user5877	have	t-shirt and jeans
user5877	have	crush
user5877	has_hobby	skateboarding
user5878	place_origin	<blank>
user5878	employed_by_company	nike
user5878	like_sports	soccer
user5878	have_sibling	3 brother
user5878	like_activity	investing
user5879	want_do	video games
user5879	like_activity	staying up late
user5879	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user5879	have_sibling	sibling
user5879	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user5880	other	vegetarian
user5880	want_do	<blank>
user5880	live_in_general	pig farm
user5880	have	allergies
user5881	like_food	honey
user5881	like_general	strangers
user5881	favorite_animal	monkey
user5881	want_do	<blank>
user5882	have_chidren	1 son
user5882	like_general	horses
user5882	has_profession	yoga instruction
user5882	have	seashells
user5883	dislike	pudding
user5883	want_do	drugs
user5883	like_music	ke ha
user5883	have	friend
user5883	like_activity	living in texas
user5884	like_music	jazz
user5884	like_general	antiques
user5884	like_general	dolls
user5884	like_general	things
user5885	like_general	building apps
user5885	like_general	people
user5885	like_activity	praying
user5885	like_activity	working out
user5886	dislike	swimsuits
user5886	other	am frugal
user5886	favorite_season	winter
user5887	favorite_color	yellow
user5887	physical_attribute	short hair
user5887	has_ability	play instrument
user5887	have	boyfriend
user5888	dislike	punching clocks
user5888	like_activity	playing the lottery
user5888	has_hobby	gambling
user5888	have	money
user5888	previous_profession	telemarketer
user5889	like_drink	coffee
user5889	own	rose garden
user5889	have_pet	cat
user5890	have_pet	dog
user5890	<blank>	<blank>
user5890	<blank>	<blank>
user5890	like_music	country
user5890	has_ability	play instrument
user5891	other	<blank>
user5891	want_job	superhero
user5891	like_read	comics
user5891	favorite	superman
user5891	has_age	8
user5892	other	vegan
user5892	have	tattoo
user5892	like_music	concerts
user5892	has_hobby	philosophy
user5893	dislike	acting
user5893	have_vehicle	ferrari
user5893	dislike	kids
user5893	have_family	3 ex wives
user5894	like_goto	water
user5894	have_family	mother
user5894	live_in_general	away from parents
user5894	like_general	cartoons
user5894	like_general	audiobookms
user5895	other	vegan
user5895	has_profession	accountant
user5895	favorite	bob ross
user5896	has_hobby	traveling
user5896	has_profession	engineer
user5896	has_profession	technician
user5897	school_status	student
user5897	misc_attribute	popular
user5897	have_pet	dog
user5897	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user5898	like_general	winning
user5898	misc_attribute	smart
user5898	like_general	sunny day
user5898	like_drink	coffee
user5898	misc_attribute	not obligated
user5899	like_general	winter
user5899	has_ability	marathon runner
user5899	like_sports	swimming
user5899	like_general	morning
user5899	favorite	apple
user5900	like_sports	swimming
user5900	have_family	only child
user5900	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user5901	favorite_food	salad
user5901	has_profession	teacher
user5901	marital_status	single
user5901	like_goto	nature
user5902	like_general	blame
user5902	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user5902	like_general	smelling my own farts
user5902	physical_attribute	fat
user5902	misc_attribute	generous
user5903	like_drink	coffee
user5903	has_profession	teacher
user5903	has_hobby	yoga
user5903	like_food	chocolate
user5903	have_sibling	twin sister
user5904	physical_attribute	short
user5904	have_family	8 brother
user5905	have_pet	dog
user5905	like_music	pretenders
user5905	has_profession	teacher
user5905	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user5906	has_ability	dance and sing
user5906	want_job	actor
user5906	have_pet	1 dog
user5906	live_in_general	los angeles
user5907	has_hobby	reading
user5907	like_activity	writing
user5907	other	vegetarian
user5907	has_profession	bartender
user5907	previous_profession	marine
user5908	like_general	having my back scratched
user5908	physical_attribute	allergic
user5908	favorite	eat at restaurant
user5909	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user5909	like_activity	hiking
user5909	like_activity	doing nails
user5909	like_sports	volley ball
user5909	like_food	pickled eggs
user5910	gender	female
user5910	physical_attribute	blonde
user5910	attend_school	high school
user5911	want_job	musician
user5911	other	am a student
user5912	like_music	country
user5912	<blank>	<blank>
user5912	<blank>	<blank>
user5912	has_ability	play instrument
user5913	have_pet	cat
user5913	dislike	writing
user5913	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user5913	marital_status	married
user5913	physical_attribute	sight
user5914	has_ability	visiting
user5914	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5915	attend_school	university
user5915	misc_attribute	healthy
user5915	like_sports	football
user5915	misc_attribute	social
user5915	has_hobby	exercise
user5916	favorite_food	hamburger
user5916	like_activity	fishing
user5916	has_profession	mechanic
user5916	has_hobby	watching television
user5916	live_in_general	alone
user5917	own	company
user5917	has_ability	cheap
user5917	other	70 salary
user5917	have_chidren	1 child
user5917	dislike	work
user5918	have_pet	dog
user5918	own	black clothes
user5918	dislike	spiders
user5918	like_drink	chai tea
user5919	marital_status	married
user5919	own	salon
user5919	has_profession	hairdresser
user5919	live_in_general	boat
user5920	previous_profession	programmer
user5920	has_age	77
user5920	like_animal	animals
user5920	like_watching	british
user5920	have	2 grandchildren
user5921	attend_school	welding
user5921	<blank>	<blank>
user5921	have_family	mother
user5921	has_profession	construction worker
user5921	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user5922	want	child
user5922	misc_attribute	bipolar
user5922	other	mother
user5922	like_food	hummus
user5922	has_profession	nurse
user5923	like_read	anne of green gables
user5923	want	pot bellied pig
user5923	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user5923	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user5924	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user5924	other	vegan
user5924	has_hobby	walking
user5924	like_animal	animals
user5925	has_profession	designer
user5925	job_status	unemployed
user5925	has_profession	design video games
user5926	school_status	student
user5926	has_profession	receptionist
user5926	other	name is mary
user5926	has_profession	receptionist
user5927	like_activity	cooking
user5927	like_music	classical
user5927	has_ability	play instrument
user5927	has_ability	play instrument
user5927	like_activity	travel
user5928	dislike	regular life
user5928	other	am curious about space
user5928	want	be an animal
user5928	have_family	<blank>
user5929	want	autographs from authors
user5929	other	used to wear glasses
user5929	want_job	publishing
user5929	favorite_color	green
user5930	have_pet	dog
user5930	like_music	smooth jazz
user5930	employed_by_general	<blank>
user5930	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user5930	like_general	suits and ties
user5931	favorite_food	nachos
user5931	has_hobby	d&d
user5931	other	imaginative
user5931	like_drink	beverage
user5931	dislike	talking to people
user5932	favorite	math
user5932	has_hobby	ice hockey
user5932	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user5932	gender	male
user5932	attend_school	high school
user5933	previous_profession	mechanic
user5933	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user5933	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user5933	want	join military when younger
user5933	has_ability	can build computers
user5934	dislike	country and jazz music
user5934	favorite_book	middlesex
user5934	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user5934	has_hobby	working out
user5935	misc_attribute	funny
user5935	has_profession	package delivery
user5935	have_pet	3 cat
user5935	have_vehicle	honda
user5935	like_food	candy
user5936	like_activity	talking
user5936	have_vehicle	honda
user5936	want_do	reading
user5936	want_do	<blank>
user5936	like_watching	sitcoms
user5937	misc_attribute	smart
user5937	like_activity	travel alone
user5937	have	0 parents
user5937	dislike	sleeping
user5938	has_hobby	filmmaking
user5938	has_profession	actor
user5938	has_profession	actor
user5938	previous_profession	actor
user5938	has_profession	actor
user5939	other	name is kevin
user5939	want_job	software engineer
user5939	has_ability	play instrument
user5939	school_status	student
user5940	like_activity	hiking
user5940	own	pink hiking boots
user5940	like_music	folk
user5940	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user5941	favorite_food	mexican food
user5941	other	mother
user5941	like_activity	reading
user5941	like_music	the rolling stones
user5941	has_profession	nurse
user5942	live_in_general	a home
user5942	attend_school	university
user5942	like_music	death metal
user5942	like_activity	watching television
user5943	physical_attribute	brunette
user5943	favorite_music	country
user5943	like_activity	traveling
user5943	like_food	snack
user5944	has_profession	cashier
user5944	has_age	25
user5944	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user5944	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user5945	favorite_drink	chocolate
user5945	job_status	unemployed
user5945	like_sports	swimming
user5945	dislike	0 taco
user5946	like_animal	animals
user5946	own	farm
user5946	like_activity	dancing
user5946	other	vegan
user5947	marital_status	engaged
user5947	marital_status	engaged
user5948	like_watching	news
user5948	has_profession	legal assistant
user5948	like_general	activist work
user5948	like_read	female authors
user5949	job_status	volunteer
user5949	has_profession	librarian
user5949	like_food	italian cuisine
user5949	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user5950	has_ability	drive
user5950	favorite_color	purple
user5950	dislike	science
user5950	job_status	seeking employment
user5951	misc_attribute	tired
user5951	has_hobby	watching movies
user5951	like_activity	cleaning
user5951	like_food	fast food
user5952	like_music	adam levine
user5952	want_job	photographer
user5952	like_activity	photography
user5952	want_do	photography
user5952	marital_status	widow
user5953	has_hobby	cooking
user5953	like_food	sushi
user5953	school_status	student
user5954	like_music	rap
user5954	has_profession	paramedic
user5954	marital_status	single
user5954	have_family	mother
user5955	want	responsible
user5955	misc_attribute	distrustful
user5955	have	friends
user5955	school_status	student
user5956	like_food	shrimp
user5956	has_hobby	vacation
user5956	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user5956	has_ability	karate
user5956	has_ability	play instrument
user5957	like_goto	movie theater
user5957	have_pet	dog
user5957	employed_by_company	target
user5957	physical_attribute	7"
user5958	like_activity	cooking
user5958	gender	female
user5958	have	laugh
user5958	employed_by_general	publishing building
user5958	marital_status	single
user5959	misc_attribute	happy
user5959	has_ability	sing many songs
user5959	like_activity	reading
user5959	like_music	the lumineers
user5960	has_ability	play instrument
user5960	<blank>	seeking employment
user5960	favorite_color	red orange
user5960	have_family	grandmother
user5961	favorite_music	metal
user5961	marital_status	engaged
user5961	like_activity	working out
user5962	favorite_season	summer
user5962	attend_school	university of michigan
user5962	school_status	graduated
user5962	like_food	taco
user5963	like_sports	fan
user5963	like_activity	politics
user5963	have_vehicle	car
user5963	want_job	entrepreneur
user5963	like_activity	hanging out
user5964	like_drink	beverage
user5964	dislike	talking to people
user5964	other	imaginative
user5964	has_hobby	d&d
user5965	has_ability	cook
user5965	has_profession	at bar
user5965	like_activity	surfing
user5965	has_ability	play instrument
user5966	like_music	electronic
user5966	have	debt
user5966	like_goto	nature
user5966	want	move to another country
user5967	favorite	milena
user5967	have	something purple
user5967	employed_by_general	fast food
user5967	has_hobby	martial arts
user5967	has_hobby	walking
user5968	has_age	4
user5968	like_activity	playing outside
user5968	have_family	mother
user5968	have_family	father
user5968	have	princess bed
user5969	place_origin	<blank>
user5969	employed_by_company	nike
user5969	have_sibling	3 brother
user5969	like_activity	investing
user5969	like_sports	soccer
user5970	like_general	clothes
user5970	like_food	non-gmo
user5970	like_general	cold weather
user5970	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user5971	like_activity	reading
user5971	have	fibromyalgia
user5971	like_activity	beadworking
user5971	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user5971	place_origin	farm
user5972	has_hobby	listens
user5972	like_read	<blank>
user5972	other	am diabetic
user5972	dislike	traffic
user5972	have_vehicle	<blank>
user5973	like_activity	hunting
user5973	own	home
user5973	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user5973	has_profession	writer
user5973	like_food	barbecue
user5974	like_activity	shopping
user5974	want_do	go to europe
user5974	gender	female
user5974	like_activity	dancing
user5974	have	never
user5975	have_pet	reptile
user5975	like_activity	cooking
user5975	like_activity	walking
user5976	have_vehicle	car
user5976	job_status	employed
user5976	job_status	work all the time
user5977	want_do	botox
user5977	job_status	unemployed
user5977	attend_school	university
user5977	misc_attribute	flashy
user5978	dislike	traffic
user5978	have_vehicle	<blank>
user5978	has_hobby	listens
user5978	other	am diabetic
user5978	like_read	<blank>
user5979	job_status	with wife
user5979	has_profession	zoologist
user5980	want_do	eating
user5980	like_food	sugar
user5980	like_sports	hockey
user5980	other	am caucasian
user5980	like_activity	rollerblading
user5981	live_in_general	pig farm
user5981	want_do	<blank>
user5981	have	allergies
user5981	dislike	animals in general
user5981	other	vegetarian
user5982	have_vehicle	car
user5982	like_general	red shoes
user5982	own	red lipstick
user5982	<blank>	<blank>
user5983	gender	male
user5983	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user5983	like_movie	godfather
user5983	physical_attribute	overweight
user5983	like_food	candy
user5984	like_animal	dog
user5984	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user5984	like_general	baking
user5984	like_activity	walking
user5984	like_watching	plays
user5985	favorite_color	orange
user5985	physical_attribute	long nails
user5985	have_vehicle	moped
user5985	dislike	make up
user5986	has_hobby	drawing
user5986	employed_by_general	grocery store
user5986	like_drink	soda
user5986	favorite_show	scooby doo
user5986	employed_by_general	club
user5987	other	vegetarian
user5987	dislike	clowns
user5987	job_status	employed
user5987	have_sibling	sister
user5988	dislike	over eating
user5988	misc_attribute	dull
user5988	dislike	paying bills
user5988	job_status	unemployed
user5989	has_profession	mall cop
user5989	like_animal	dog
user5989	marital_status	divorced
user5989	want	corvette
user5990	has_hobby	volunteer
user5990	want_do	change the world
user5990	employed_by_general	factory
user5990	like_general	jokes
user5990	misc_attribute	punctual
user5991	have_sibling	4 sibling
user5991	physical_attribute	short
user5992	has_profession	baker
user5992	want_do	retire
user5992	previous_profession	actor
user5992	have_family	wife
user5993	employed_by_general	home
user5993	like_activity	social media
user5993	have_pet	<blank>
user5993	live_in_general	bed
user5994	like_watching	sun rise
user5994	has_profession	<blank>
user5994	want_do	exercise
user5994	job_status	unemployed
user5994	like_activity	watching sunsets
user5995	have_family	grandmother
user5995	has_hobby	singing
user5995	have	brown belt
user5996	have_chidren	children
user5996	like_activity	shopping
user5996	has_hobby	cheerleading
user5996	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user5997	attend_school	university
user5997	like_read	fantasy
user5997	want_job	journalist
user5998	like_general	things
user5998	misc_attribute	romantic
user5998	like_general	dolls
user5998	like_general	antiques
user5999	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6000	has_hobby	reading
user6000	misc_attribute	witty
user6000	like_animal	sharks
user6000	like_activity	dance
user6001	live_in_general	far from home
user6001	has_ability	computer repair
user6001	like_food	meat
user6002	like_activity	getting nails done
user6002	have_pet	dog
user6002	like_drink	expensive wine
user6002	job_status	unemployed
user6003	physical_attribute	brunette
user6003	like_general	blue
user6003	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6003	like_read	<blank>
user6003	like_food	cupcakes
user6004	job_status	employed
user6004	favorite_book	tale of genji
user6004	physical_attribute	purple hair
user6005	favorite_color	green
user6005	like_music	rock
user6005	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user6005	like_sports	basketball
user6005	other	name is gerald
user6006	has_profession	teacher
user6006	like_food	chocolate
user6006	have_sibling	twin sister
user6006	like_drink	coffee
user6007	have	tattoo
user6007	like_music	concerts
user6007	attend_school	umass
user6007	other	vegan
user6008	have_sibling	8 children
user6008	has_profession	retailer
user6008	want	love
user6008	have	friends
user6009	marital_status	single
user6009	favorite_color	grey
user6009	like_activity	yoga
user6009	employed_by_general	newspaper
user6009	like_activity	writing
user6010	like_general	color: pink
user6010	marital_status	married
user6010	misc_attribute	distant
user6011	like_music	religious
user6011	has_age	middle aged
user6011	like_general	family
user6011	like_sports	basketball
user6011	dislike	talking
user6012	like_activity	painting
user6012	like_food	meat
user6012	has_profession	car salesman
user6013	favorite	penn and teller
user6013	have_pet	2 dog
user6013	want_job	astronaut
user6013	have_vehicle	car
user6014	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user6014	want_do	video games
user6014	have_sibling	sibling
user6014	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user6014	like_activity	staying up late
user6015	has_age	30
user6015	have_pet	2 <blank>
user6015	marital_status	married
user6015	have_chidren	2 children
user6016	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user6016	has_hobby	kayaking
user6016	misc_attribute	friendly
user6016	want_job	teacher
user6017	like_general	pink
user6017	like_general	being outside
user6017	like_activity	swimming
user6017	like_food	pasta
user6017	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user6018	misc_attribute	insecure
user6018	physical_attribute	hungry
user6018	want	corvette
user6018	other	<blank>
user6019	own	company
user6019	other	70 salary
user6019	have_chidren	1 child
user6019	dislike	work
user6019	has_ability	cheap
user6020	misc_attribute	cold
user6020	<blank>	<blank>
user6020	live_in_general	alone
user6020	has_hobby	shopping
user6021	like_goto	cafe
user6021	like_goto	nail salon
user6021	like_watching	we wrestling
user6022	like_activity	crocheting
user6022	gender	female
user6022	marital_status	married
user6022	like_animal	cat
user6022	have_chidren	5 children
user6023	has_profession	waiter
user6023	want_job	doctor
user6023	job_status	employed
user6023	job_status	employed
user6024	have_pet	3 cat
user6024	like_activity	dancing
user6024	have_family	only child
user6024	physical_attribute	blonde
user6024	like_goto	foreign countries
user6025	like_animal	cat
user6025	employed_by_company	military
user6025	like_activity	traveling
user6025	like_general	explosions
user6026	has_profession	gamer
user6026	has_hobby	walking
user6026	like_activity	play league of legends
user6026	marital_status	single
user6026	like_animal	dog
user6027	like_food	carrots
user6027	own	wear contacts
user6027	physical_attribute	athletic
user6027	physical_attribute	brunette
user6027	like_activity	cycling
user6028	like_activity	video games
user6028	physical_attribute	long hair
user6028	dislike	1 cooking
user6028	have_family	mother
user6029	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user6029	has_profession	farmer
user6029	want	travel
user6029	favorite_music	rock
user6030	dislike	the taste of cheese
user6030	have_chidren	daughter
user6030	has_profession	retailer
user6030	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user6030	has_ability	cooking
user6031	<blank>	<blank>
user6031	job_status	employed
user6031	has_profession	musician
user6031	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user6032	has_hobby	basketball
user6032	marital_status	married
user6032	has_ability	feeling lost
user6032	have_chidren	2 son
user6032	other	friends.
user6033	have_pet	dog
user6033	have_family	only child
user6033	school_status	student
user6034	marital_status	single
user6034	favorite_season	spring
user6034	has_profession	graphic designer
user6034	like_activity	painting
user6034	like_activity	walks on the beach
user6035	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user6035	has_ability	speak language
user6035	have	not met my father
user6036	has_profession	semi trucks
user6036	marital_status	married
user6037	like_goto	beeach
user6037	like_general	job
user6037	like_activity	cycling
user6037	have_pet	dog
user6037	previous_profession	technician
user6038	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6038	like_general	fashion
user6038	like_general	fashion designers
user6038	like_activity	shopping
user6038	want_job	designer
user6039	live_in_general	house
user6039	like_animal	dogs and cats
user6039	have	friends
user6039	has_age	10
user6040	favorite_show	the voice
user6040	physical_attribute	tall
user6040	employed_by_company	navy
user6040	like_read	<blank>
user6041	school_status	student
user6041	employed_by_general	library
user6041	have	2 science classes
user6041	other	commutes
user6042	like_music	drake
user6042	like_music	rap
user6042	has_ability	play instrument
user6042	like_goto	restaurant
user6042	like_activity	cooking
user6043	has_hobby	martial arts
user6043	want	go to mars
user6043	has_hobby	art
user6043	has_profession	scientist
user6043	have_chidren	3 children
user6044	school_status	student
user6044	misc_attribute	athletic
user6044	physical_attribute	strong
user6045	have_pet	dog
user6045	like_activity	working out
user6045	like_music	country
user6045	like_activity	bathing
user6046	like_food	ginger snaps
user6046	have_vehicle	prius
user6046	has_hobby	hiking
user6046	like_general	canadian women
user6046	like_activity	relieving myself
user6047	has_hobby	drawing
user6047	like_drink	soda
user6047	like_watching	scobby doo
user6047	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6048	other	adopted
user6048	have_sibling	sibling
user6048	have	birth mother
user6048	favorite	christmas
user6049	marital_status	married
user6049	like_goto	museum
user6049	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6049	has_profession	writer
user6050	like_activity	yoga
user6050	favorite_color	grey
user6050	marital_status	single
user6050	like_activity	writing
user6051	place_origin	trailer park
user6051	like_food	wings
user6051	has_profession	truck driver
user6051	like_activity	singing
user6052	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user6052	like_music	blues
user6052	has_ability	2 speak language
user6052	like_general	prince
user6052	other	chinese
user6053	other	veteran
user6053	attend_school	graduate school
user6053	have	girlfriend
user6054	school_status	student
user6054	employed_by_general	library
user6054	have	2 science classes
user6054	other	commutes
user6055	other	colour blind
user6055	have_chidren	2 children
user6055	favorite_music_artist	rush
user6055	want_job	employment
user6055	has_ability	3 speak language
user6056	like_activity	hiking
user6056	dislike	losing things
user6056	like_food	fish
user6056	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user6057	want	cool
user6057	like_sports	soccer
user6057	favorite_food	healthy
user6057	like_activity	working out
user6057	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user6058	<blank>	<blank>
user6058	like_activity	hunting
user6058	dislike	broccoli
user6058	have_pet	2 dog
user6059	have_vehicle	mercedes
user6059	have_sibling	3 sibling
user6059	other	profession
user6059	like_food	1 sugar
user6060	like_activity	walks on the beach
user6060	like_activity	painting
user6060	has_profession	graphic designer
user6060	marital_status	single
user6061	have_pet	2 dog
user6061	employed_by_company	facebook
user6061	job_status	employed
user6061	has_profession	programmer
user6062	have_pet	cat
user6062	like_activity	swimming
user6062	like_drink	coffee
user6063	have	friend
user6063	like_activity	<blank>
user6063	want_do	home
user6063	has_ability	play instrument
user6063	has_profession	musician
user6064	dislike	eating out
user6064	like_watching	foreign
user6064	dislike	social obligations
user6064	like_sports	running
user6065	physical_attribute	red hair
user6065	like_food	meat
user6065	live_in_general	far from home
user6065	has_ability	computer repair
user6066	marital_status	married
user6066	job_status	employed
user6066	school_status	student
user6066	like_goto	beach
user6066	like_general	blue
user6067	like_activity	manicures
user6067	have_chidren	son
user6067	other	allergies
user6068	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6068	like_read	<blank>
user6068	like_food	cupcakes
user6068	like_general	blue
user6069	physical_attribute	full
user6069	favorite_drink	sprite
user6069	misc_attribute	funny
user6069	has_ability	draw
user6069	have	sausage fingers
user6070	misc_attribute	healthy
user6070	favorite_food	pizza
user6070	other	east asian
user6070	like_food	italian cuisine
user6071	marital_status	single
user6071	like_read	<blank>
user6071	like_animal	dog
user6071	favorite	flower is a lily
user6071	has_profession	doctor
user6072	like_activity	crocheting
user6072	other	am allergic to apples
user6072	has_profession	teacher
user6072	has_hobby	singing
user6073	have_vehicle	car
user6073	<blank>	<blank>
user6073	own	red lipstick
user6073	have	red purse
user6074	want	immortality
user6074	has_hobby	diving
user6074	have_pet	dog and cat
user6074	like_general	people
user6074	like_general	technology
user6075	like_activity	donate time
user6075	have_pet	2 dog
user6075	employed_by_company	facebook
user6075	has_profession	programmer
user6075	job_status	employed
user6076	have_pet	2 dog
user6076	have_pet	2 dog
user6076	like_animal	dog
user6077	like_goto	market
user6077	other	walking
user6077	misc_attribute	helpful
user6077	live_in_general	city
user6078	has_hobby	bird watching
user6078	favorite_drink	pepsi
user6078	has_hobby	reading
user6078	has_profession	librarian
user6079	like_read	history
user6079	has_profession	technician
user6080	favorite_place	new york
user6080	has_profession	lawyer
user6080	like_activity	running
user6080	marital_status	divorced
user6081	has_ability	website design
user6081	want	find easy ways to make money
user6081	like_general	technology
user6081	want_do	invest in stock market
user6081	like_read	news
user6082	live_in_general	studio apartment
user6082	has_profession	paramedic
user6082	have_family	3 sister
user6082	want_job	nurse
user6083	like_sports	football
user6083	favorite_movie	star wars
user6083	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user6083	<blank>	<blank>
user6083	have_pet	iguana
user6084	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user6084	like_food	food with no animal product
user6084	favorite_music_artist	muse
user6084	employed_by_company	walmart
user6085	like_activity	darts
user6085	like_drink	beer
user6085	employed_by_general	large company
user6085	like_music	classic rock
user6086	have_pet	2 dog
user6086	other	parents in the military
user6086	dislike	spiders
user6086	has_profession	pilot
user6087	own	company
user6087	dislike	work
user6087	attend_school	high school
user6087	have_chidren	1 child
user6088	job_status	seeking employment
user6088	misc_attribute	motivated
user6088	like_music	yo gotti
user6088	like_watching	drama
user6089	school_status	student
user6089	place_origin	california
user6089	like_activity	shopping
user6089	like_general	recycling
user6089	like_goto	outdoors
user6090	own	black car
user6090	own	black purse
user6090	like_music	rock
user6090	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user6090	like_general	wearing black clothing
user6091	have_pet	cat
user6091	have_pet	2 cat
user6091	has_profession	librarian
user6091	like_activity	reading
user6092	have_chidren	2 son
user6092	has_profession	artist
user6092	have_family	parents
user6092	misc_attribute	sad
user6092	have	a house
user6093	misc_attribute	critic
user6093	dislike	being controlled
user6093	dislike	my reputation
user6093	misc_attribute	regretful
user6094	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user6094	like_sports	soccer
user6094	like_watching	game of thrones
user6094	other	vegan
user6095	dislike	winter
user6095	misc_attribute	risky
user6095	favorite_show	csi
user6096	job_status	employed
user6096	other	bad luck with relationships
user6096	misc_attribute	lazy
user6096	dislike	homework
user6097	want_job	architect
user6097	like_music	80 s music
user6097	like_general	ghost
user6097	has_profession	wedding planner
user6097	favorite_color	yellow
user6098	has_hobby	ballet
user6098	has_ability	1 dancing
user6098	have	support of my whole family
user6099	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user6099	like_watching	movies
user6099	like_music	funk rock
user6099	have_pet	cat
user6100	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user6100	have_pet	4 cat
user6100	attend_school	university
user6100	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6101	like_food	meatloaf
user6101	have_pet	dog
user6101	like_music	0 toto
user6102	have	debt
user6102	like_goto	nature
user6102	school_status	student
user6102	want	move to another country
user6103	has_ability	play instrument
user6103	school_status	graduated
user6103	have_chidren	son
user6103	want_job	teacher
user6104	have	2 hair
user6104	misc_attribute	weird
user6104	has_hobby	skateboarding
user6104	misc_attribute	lazy
user6105	has_ability	karate
user6105	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user6105	has_ability	play instrument
user6105	like_food	shrimp
user6106	have_pet	dog
user6106	misc_attribute	shy
user6106	misc_attribute	content
user6107	has_ability	play instrument
user6107	want	play in a local band
user6107	like_music	system of a down
user6107	other	vegan
user6108	have_vehicle	convertible
user6108	has_profession	lifeguard
user6108	misc_attribute	exciting
user6108	like_music	katy perry
user6109	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user6109	like_general	comics
user6109	have_pet	cat
user6109	job_status	employed
user6110	employed_by_general	<blank>
user6110	has_ability	sport
user6110	has_hobby	archery
user6110	want_do	sports
user6111	attend_school	high school
user6111	attend_school	university
user6111	have_family	only child
user6111	has_hobby	dancing
user6112	like_activity	reading
user6112	marital_status	married
user6112	favorite_place	beach
user6112	has_profession	teacher
user6113	has_profession	truck driver
user6113	has_hobby	camping
user6113	favorite_hobby	baseball
user6113	have_chidren	2 children
user6113	has_profession	driver
user6114	like_sports	soccer
user6114	favorite_movie	disney movies
user6114	has_profession	waitress
user6114	has_hobby	reading
user6114	have_family	parents
user6115	like_animal	animals
user6115	like_read	history
user6115	employed_by_general	theater
user6115	marital_status	engaged
user6116	has_hobby	working out
user6116	job_status	retired
user6116	other	8 grandchildren
user6116	physical_attribute	attractive
user6117	has_profession	cartographer
user6117	previous_profession	nurse
user6117	like_activity	wrestling
user6117	like_activity	baking
user6117	like_activity	painting
user6118	physical_attribute	short hair
user6118	has_ability	play instrument
user6118	have	boyfriend
user6118	favorite_color	yellow
user6119	marital_status	married
user6119	like_animal	cat
user6119	gender	female
user6119	have_chidren	5 children
user6120	like_general	mother
user6120	like_watching	greys anatomy
user6120	misc_attribute	organized
user6120	attend_school	high school
user6121	have_pet	2 dog
user6121	other	ketogenic
user6121	employed_by_general	circus
user6121	like_movie	<blank>
user6122	school_status	graduate student
user6122	school_status	student
user6122	school_status	student
user6122	has_profession	volunteering
user6123	other	vegan
user6123	like_activity	painting
user6123	dislike	fish
user6123	has_hobby	traveling
user6123	have_pet	23 cat
user6124	other	albert
user6124	want_job	in the federal court
user6124	previous_profession	lawyer
user6124	has_profession	judge
user6124	misc_attribute	fair
user6125	dislike	vegetables
user6125	physical_attribute	tall
user6125	like_activity	running
user6125	physical_attribute	buff
user6125	has_age	9
user6126	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user6126	has_hobby	walking
user6126	other	vegan
user6126	like_animal	animals
user6126	have_chidren	1 son
user6127	like_animal	animals
user6127	school_status	student
user6127	like_music	country
user6127	other	vegan
user6128	previous_profession	veteran
user6128	like_activity	traveling
user6128	job_status	volunteer
user6128	marital_status	20 married
user6129	live_in_general	city
user6129	employed_by_general	bookstore
user6129	have	girlfriend
user6129	physical_attribute	pink hair
user6130	has_profession	barista
user6130	has_ability	speak language
user6130	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user6130	like_activity	hiking
user6131	have_pet	2 cat
user6131	like_activity	video games
user6131	nationality	canada
user6132	have_sibling	brother
user6132	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user6132	other	poor
user6132	have_pet	3 iguana
user6132	like_animal	dog
user6133	has_profession	welder
user6133	other	carnivore
user6133	like_activity	video games
user6133	has_ability	play instrument
user6133	other	gay
user6134	has_profession	psychologist
user6134	<blank>	play instrument
user6134	have_family	sibling
user6134	has_hobby	geocache
user6135	like_read	books
user6135	dislike	hot weather
user6135	want_do	traveling
user6135	dislike	country
user6136	have_vehicle	car
user6136	has_profession	scout
user6136	have	car
user6136	like_food	brunch
user6136	not_have	pet
user6137	like_music	<blank>
user6137	misc_attribute	happy
user6137	like_activity	go to lake
user6137	has_hobby	knitting
user6138	school_status	will study computer science
user6138	like_activity	video games
user6138	other	vegetarian
user6138	school_status	graduated
user6138	school_status	student
user6139	has_ability	3 speak language
user6139	want_job	employment
user6139	other	colour blind
user6139	have_chidren	2 children
user6140	have_pet	reptile
user6140	job_status	internship
user6140	want_do	skydiving
user6140	other	character
user6141	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user6141	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user6141	has_hobby	kayaking
user6141	want_job	teacher
user6141	misc_attribute	friendly
user6142	employed_by_general	bank
user6142	marital_status	divorced
user6142	has_hobby	teapots
user6142	like_animal	cat
user6143	school_status	dropped out
user6143	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user6143	misc_attribute	emotional
user6143	misc_attribute	romantic
user6144	want_do	go to beach
user6144	like_activity	climbing
user6144	like_animal	parrot
user6144	other	disappointment
user6144	have_family	sibling
user6145	dislike	cleaning
user6145	job_status	employed
user6145	physical_attribute	brunette
user6145	have_chidren	2 children
user6146	misc_attribute	healthy
user6146	has_hobby	exercise
user6146	like_sports	football
user6146	misc_attribute	social
user6147	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user6147	like_activity	cooking
user6147	previous_profession	nurse
user6147	have_pet	cat
user6148	like_read	mystery
user6148	has_hobby	tennis
user6148	attend_school	university
user6148	attend_school	graduate school
user6149	misc_attribute	quiet
user6149	like_music	religious
user6149	like_sports	basketball
user6149	has_age	middle aged
user6149	like_general	family
user6150	has_hobby	yoga
user6150	like_sports	hockey
user6150	like_watching	sport
user6150	want	be millionaire
user6151	job_status	with wife
user6151	have	taught
user6151	has_profession	zoologist
user6152	have_vehicle	car
user6152	have	car
user6152	has_profession	scout
user6152	like_food	brunch
user6152	not_have	pet
user6153	like_food	crab
user6153	has_hobby	kayaking
user6153	like_activity	fly model airplane
user6153	like_music	imagine dragons
user6154	<blank>	<blank>
user6154	job_status	employed
user6154	has_profession	musician
user6154	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user6155	misc_attribute	determined
user6155	has_hobby	football
user6155	like_goto	league
user6155	has_hobby	football
user6156	like_food	potato
user6156	have	car
user6156	have_pet	2 dog
user6156	has_profession	accountant
user6157	has_profession	teacher
user6157	school_status	graduated
user6157	live_in_general	suburbs
user6157	<blank>	<blank>
user6158	favorite_food	ravioli
user6158	has_ability	speak language
user6158	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user6159	have	no money
user6159	like_general	purple
user6159	marital_status	single
user6159	like_general	cher
user6160	has_ability	visiting
user6160	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6161	misc_attribute	romantic
user6161	like_music	jazz
user6161	like_general	things
user6161	like_general	dolls
user6162	misc_attribute	healthy
user6162	misc_attribute	social
user6162	attend_school	university
user6162	like_sports	football
user6162	has_hobby	exercise
user6163	want_do	retire
user6163	previous_profession	actor
user6163	has_profession	baker
user6163	have_chidren	children
user6164	other	am diabetic
user6164	dislike	traffic
user6164	like_read	<blank>
user6164	have_vehicle	<blank>
user6165	has_hobby	larp
user6165	has_profession	general
user6165	has_age	32
user6165	has_ability	to move out
user6165	have_family	father
user6166	attend_school	high school
user6166	like_activity	watching television
user6166	like_activity	music
user6166	like_general	mother
user6166	misc_attribute	organized
user6167	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user6167	favorite	math
user6167	gender	male
user6167	has_hobby	ice hockey
user6168	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user6168	like_read	crime
user6168	like_food	egg
user6168	has_profession	zoologist
user6168	favorite_animal	panda
user6169	have	taught
user6169	job_status	with wife
user6169	has_profession	zoologist
user6170	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user6170	live_in_general	boat
user6170	has_profession	hairdresser
user6170	own	salon
user6171	like_general	boots
user6171	have	many girlfriends
user6171	has_hobby	horseback riding
user6172	like_activity	eating
user6172	like_music	pop
user6172	like_watching	nascar
user6173	want_job	aide
user6173	job_status	employed
user6173	like_music	pink
user6174	has_hobby	boating
user6174	live_in_general	large home
user6174	employed_by_general	hospital
user6174	has_profession	doctor
user6175	like_general	pink
user6175	like_general	being outside
user6175	like_food	pasta
user6175	like_activity	swimming
user6176	misc_attribute	always early
user6176	school_status	student
user6176	has_profession	volunteering
user6176	attend_school	none
user6177	like_goto	outside
user6177	want	pet
user6177	misc_attribute	shallow
user6178	dislike	green beans
user6178	like_watching	games shows
user6178	misc_attribute	religious
user6178	misc_attribute	unstable
user6179	misc_attribute	bored
user6179	marital_status	married
user6179	own	money
user6179	favorite_food	cheesecake
user6179	have_chidren	children
user6180	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user6180	other	allergic to shellfish
user6180	like_sports	equestrian
user6180	like_activity	dancing
user6181	has_hobby	running
user6181	like_general	tall men
user6181	has_hobby	cooking
user6181	have_pet	2 dog
user6182	employed_by_general	office
user6182	have_pet	cat
user6182	have	2 tattoos
user6182	like_activity	shopping
user6183	like_watching	sport
user6183	own	car
user6183	like_activity	flying kites
user6183	has_hobby	working out
user6183	favorite_sport	rugby
user6184	have_pet	4 cat
user6184	like_music	metallica
user6184	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6184	attend_school	university
user6185	like_goto	nature
user6185	have	debt
user6185	like_music	electronic
user6185	want	move to another country
user6186	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user6186	previous_profession	actor
user6186	has_profession	comedian
user6186	place_origin	small town
user6187	dislike	job
user6187	like_goto	india
user6187	like_general	blue
user6187	want_job	explorer
user6188	have_chidren	2 son
user6188	marital_status	married
user6188	dislike	friend group
user6188	has_ability	feeling lost
user6189	previous_profession	slave
user6189	has_profession	carpenter
user6189	marital_status	married
user6189	have_sibling	sibling
user6189	like_general	red
user6190	own	1 bar
user6190	like_activity	smoking
user6190	misc_attribute	competitive
user6190	marital_status	married
user6190	like_food	eggplant
user6191	want_do	move
user6191	previous_profession	farmer
user6191	like_watching	reality tv
user6191	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user6192	want_job	dentist
user6192	favorite	raptors
user6192	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user6192	has_ability	sleeping
user6192	like_sports	sports
user6193	has_profession	teacher
user6193	dislike	pizza
user6193	have	no television
user6193	like_read	<blank>
user6194	marital_status	married
user6194	has_hobby	shopping
user6194	teach	first grade
user6194	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user6194	like_drink	iced tea
user6195	have_chidren	2 children
user6195	like_activity	running
user6195	favorite_movie	16 candles
user6195	job_status	employed
user6195	like_food	cheesecake
user6196	like_food	meat
user6196	like_activity	hunting
user6196	like_music	country
user6196	have_vehicle	truck
user6196	like_watching	sport
user6197	has_profession	teacher
user6197	have_pet	2 dog
user6197	have_chidren	2 children
user6198	employed_by_company	peta
user6198	like_animal	animals
user6198	like_activity	sewing
user6198	other	vegetarian
user6199	physical_attribute	tall
user6199	<blank>	<blank>
user6199	like_general	place
user6199	like_activity	building
user6199	like_activity	travel
user6200	live_in_general	apartment
user6200	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user6200	like_sports	soccer
user6200	dislike	coffee
user6200	has_profession	finance
user6201	has_ability	perfect pitch
user6201	has_profession	writer
user6201	has_ability	cook
user6201	misc_attribute	intelligent
user6202	have_pet	cat
user6202	like_music	metallica
user6202	like_goto	gym
user6202	favorite_food	chicken
user6202	like_read	autobiographies
user6203	like_food	lobster
user6203	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user6203	employed_by_company	google
user6203	employed_by_company	google
user6204	like_activity	shopping
user6204	have	friends
user6204	other	debt
user6204	own	bmw
user6204	marital_status	single
user6205	has_profession	retailer
user6205	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user6205	have_chidren	daughter
user6205	dislike	the taste of cheese
user6205	has_ability	cooking
user6206	like_general	pens
user6206	has_hobby	writing
user6206	want	not to work
user6206	want_do	make more money
user6207	has_profession	physical therapist
user6207	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user6207	have_pet	3 dog
user6207	have_chidren	2 children
user6208	has_hobby	skiing
user6208	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user6208	has_hobby	skiing
user6208	has_ability	ski racer
user6209	favorite_activity	gardening
user6209	other	am a widow
user6209	has_age	77
user6209	like_drink	coffee
user6210	like_food	ice cream
user6210	like_music	rock
user6210	attend_school	online
user6210	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user6211	has_profession	fitness guru
user6211	misc_attribute	carefree
user6211	misc_attribute	religious
user6211	has_profession	salesman
user6211	has_age	53
user6212	employed_by_general	diner
user6212	has_ability	to be late
user6212	have	roommate
user6212	like_activity	singing
user6213	like_watching	youtube
user6213	has_profession	author
user6213	physical_attribute	brunette
user6213	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user6213	like_activity	sleeping
user6214	job_status	employed
user6214	has_hobby	baseball
user6214	marital_status	engaged
user6214	like_watching	south park
user6215	like_activity	traveling
user6215	like_general	explosions
user6215	like_animal	cat
user6215	employed_by_company	military
user6216	like_general	<blank>
user6216	like_goto	movie theater
user6216	have_pet	2 dog
user6216	job_status	employed
user6216	like_activity	walking
user6217	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user6217	has_hobby	environmentalist
user6217	like_activity	hiking
user6217	like_activity	mountain biking
user6218	employed_by_general	newspaper
user6218	marital_status	single
user6218	like_activity	yoga
user6218	like_activity	writing
user6218	favorite_color	grey
user6219	has_profession	yoga instruction
user6219	like_general	color: pink
user6219	misc_attribute	distant
user6219	marital_status	married
user6220	like_general	cher
user6220	have_vehicle	sports car
user6220	have	no money
user6220	marital_status	single
user6221	misc_attribute	depressed
user6221	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user6221	dislike	cleaning
user6221	want_job	professional eater
user6222	own	black car
user6222	favorite_food	steak
user6222	like_music	rap
user6222	like_food	meat
user6222	has_profession	finance
user6223	have_family	members
user6223	misc_attribute	angry
user6223	like_goto	bar
user6223	gender	male
user6224	like_activity	reading
user6224	like_music	the mutineers
user6224	misc_attribute	happy
user6224	has_ability	sing many songs
user6225	has_hobby	writing
user6225	favorite_color	black
user6225	want_do	<blank>
user6225	like_activity	singing
user6226	has_age	18
user6226	like_activity	with friends
user6226	other	carnivore
user6226	like_goto	rock concerts
user6227	other	saw a solar eclipse
user6227	has_hobby	chess
user6227	has_hobby	walking
user6227	has_profession	security guard
user6227	have	high speed internet
user6228	has_hobby	baseball
user6228	like_sports	baseball
user6228	has_hobby	baseball
user6228	has_age	19
user6228	favorite	mike trout
user6229	<blank>	<blank>
user6229	has_hobby	cooking
user6229	has_profession	scientist
user6229	live_in_general	alone
user6229	has_ability	play instrument
user6230	have_pet	3 iguana
user6230	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user6230	have_sibling	brother
user6230	like_animal	dog
user6230	other	poor
user6231	employed_by_general	deli
user6231	like_animal	fish
user6231	school_status	dropped out
user6231	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user6232	has_hobby	gardening
user6232	other	veteran
user6232	like_read	<blank>
user6232	like_read	<blank>
user6233	has_age	77
user6233	like_animal	animals
user6233	like_watching	british
user6233	have	2 grandchildren
user6233	previous_profession	programmer
user6234	like_drink	coffee
user6234	has_hobby	yoga
user6234	has_profession	teacher
user6234	like_food	chocolate
user6235	like_watching	the voice
user6235	attend_school	princeton
user6235	like_goto	places
user6235	favorite_activity	museums
user6236	other	vegan
user6236	misc_attribute	ocd
user6236	member_of	church
user6236	teach	children
user6237	physical_attribute	colorblind
user6237	has_age	30
user6237	has_degree	marketing
user6237	job_status	employed
user6237	other	volunteer firefighter.
user6238	have_chidren	2 son
user6238	has_hobby	camping
user6238	like_activity	horseback riding
user6238	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user6239	like_activity	fishing
user6239	misc_attribute	simple
user6239	like_activity	fishing
user6239	has_hobby	drink beers
user6239	dislike	pretty
user6240	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user6240	have_vehicle	ferrari
user6240	own	mansion
user6240	has_profession	rapper
user6241	like_drink	coffee
user6241	have_pet	cat
user6241	own	rose garden
user6242	has_hobby	walking
user6242	have	high speed internet
user6242	has_profession	security guard
user6242	other	saw a solar eclipse
user6243	like_food	sugar
user6243	other	am caucasian
user6243	like_sports	hockey
user6243	like_activity	rollerblading
user6244	misc_attribute	organized
user6244	other	am a couponer
user6244	like_general	saving money
user6244	like_activity	shopping
user6245	like_activity	surfing
user6245	has_ability	cook
user6245	has_ability	play instrument
user6245	has_profession	at bar
user6245	like_music	country
user6246	has_ability	3 speak language
user6246	has_ability	cook
user6246	like_sports	cycling
user6246	favorite_activity	outdoors
user6247	like_activity	manicures
user6247	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user6247	other	allergies
user6247	have_chidren	son
user6248	own	greenhouse
user6248	favorite_food	fruit
user6248	<blank>	<blank>
user6248	has_ability	composting
user6249	has_hobby	driving
user6249	other	am blind
user6249	has_profession	disc jockey
user6249	physical_attribute	handicapped
user6250	misc_attribute	bored
user6250	favorite_food	cheesecake
user6250	own	money
user6251	like_general	cars
user6251	like_activity	horseback riding
user6251	have	homes
user6251	other	eat less meat than usual
user6252	like_activity	cycling
user6252	like_goto	beeach
user6252	have_pet	dog
user6252	previous_profession	technician
user6252	like_general	job
user6253	has_profession	writer
user6253	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user6253	has_ability	cook
user6253	misc_attribute	intelligent
user6254	have_pet	dog
user6254	like_activity	fishing
user6254	has_ability	cannibal
user6254	live_in_general	island
user6255	like_music	the lumineers
user6255	has_ability	sing many songs
user6255	misc_attribute	happy
user6255	like_activity	reading
user6256	has_profession	coach
user6256	has_hobby	singing
user6256	like_activity	crocheting
user6256	has_profession	teacher
user6257	want	corvette
user6257	has_profession	mall cop
user6257	like_animal	dog
user6257	marital_status	divorced
user6257	has_hobby	writing
user6258	like_sports	soccer
user6258	have_sibling	brother
user6258	place_origin	france
user6258	want_do	soccer
user6259	like_activity	painting
user6259	gender	male
user6259	like_food	pizza
user6259	like_activity	gardening
user6259	favorite_music_artist	ween
user6260	like_food	meat
user6260	like_general	anime
user6260	previous_profession	not stated
user6261	attend_school	high school
user6261	like_watching	disney movies
user6261	member_of	dance team
user6262	want	to be able to write in cursive
user6262	like_general	cold winters
user6262	like_music	strange music
user6262	want	something interesting
user6262	want	live in iceland
user6263	like_activity	investing
user6263	place_origin	<blank>
user6263	like_sports	soccer
user6263	employed_by_company	nike
user6264	employed_by_general	gas station
user6264	has_profession	salesman
user6264	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user6264	like_goto	grocery store
user6265	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6265	want_job	designer
user6265	like_general	fashion
user6265	like_activity	shopping
user6265	like_general	fashion designers
user6266	like_activity	tennis
user6266	like_activity	travel
user6266	like_music	chainsmokers
user6266	has_profession	lifeguard
user6267	has_profession	teacher
user6267	has_hobby	puzzles
user6267	like_music	country
user6268	has_profession	<blank>
user6268	favorite_food	sushi
user6268	have	timeshare
user6268	favorite_show	friends
user6269	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user6269	own	clothing
user6269	want	eats too much fries
user6269	dislike	math
user6270	like_goto	india
user6270	has_profession	athlete
user6270	want_job	explorer
user6270	like_general	blue
user6271	have	seashells
user6271	have_chidren	1 son
user6271	has_profession	yoga instruction
user6271	like_general	horses
user6271	have_pet	2 dog
user6272	has_ability	lie
user6272	have	won lottery
user6272	has_hobby	painting
user6272	has_hobby	painting
user6273	live_in_general	mansion
user6273	other	make 35 million a year
user6273	has_profession	basketball player
user6273	member_of	sports team
user6274	own	large ax
user6274	like_general	lumberjacking
user6274	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user6274	has_hobby	fishing
user6274	like_food	pancakes
user6275	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user6275	has_hobby	football
user6275	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user6275	like_read	fiction
user6275	favorite_book	science fiction
user6276	like_activity	cycling
user6276	other	vegan
user6276	like_music	guitar
user6276	like_music	<blank>
user6277	favorite_music_artist	up
user6277	employed_by_company	del taco
user6277	have_vehicle	bicycle
user6277	like_food	french fries
user6278	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user6278	like_food	chicken
user6278	like_activity	reading
user6278	like_animal	animals
user6278	employed_by_general	hotel
user6279	like_food	ice cream
user6279	has_age	50
user6279	marital_status	married
user6279	have_chidren	4 children
user6280	has_profession	basketball player
user6280	attend_school	university
user6280	live_in_general	mansion
user6280	member_of	sports team
user6281	has_hobby	fishing
user6281	like_food	tuna
user6281	favorite_animal	fish
user6281	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user6282	has_profession	mechanic
user6282	have_pet	doberman
user6282	has_age	25
user6283	like_activity	clubbing
user6283	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user6283	own	universe
user6283	has_profession	dental assistant
user6284	like_watching	disney movies
user6284	member_of	dance team
user6284	like_activity	dance
user6284	attend_school	high school
user6285	like_activity	shopping
user6285	like_food	sushi
user6285	school_status	graduated
user6286	live_in_general	"parents house"
user6286	have_pet	cat
user6286	misc_attribute	anxious
user6286	has_profession	editing
user6286	have_family	1 father
user6287	have	boyfriend
user6287	physical_attribute	short hair
user6287	has_ability	play instrument
user6287	favorite_color	yellow
user6288	employed_by_general	hotel
user6288	like_general	snow
user6288	want_do	go to college
user6288	like_activity	surfing
user6289	attend_school	high school
user6289	like_general	mother
user6289	misc_attribute	organized
user6289	like_watching	greys anatomy
user6290	have_chidren	children
user6290	have_pet	cat
user6290	live_in_general	small city
user6290	like_activity	cooking
user6290	has_hobby	gardening
user6291	have_chidren	2 son
user6291	misc_attribute	incomplete
user6291	have_family	parents
user6291	have	a house
user6292	own	black clothes
user6292	like_drink	chai tea
user6292	have_pet	dog
user6292	has_profession	computer technician
user6292	dislike	spiders
user6293	like_goto	casino
user6293	employed_by_general	brewery
user6293	marital_status	married
user6293	like_activity	traveling
user6294	like_animal	cat
user6294	gender	female
user6294	like_activity	crocheting
user6294	marital_status	married
user6294	have_chidren	5 children
user6295	has_hobby	working out
user6295	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user6295	has_ability	play instrument
user6295	has_hobby	fishing
user6296	live_in_general	on lake
user6296	dislike	school
user6296	physical_attribute	average american youth
user6296	misc_attribute	romantic
user6297	have_sibling	twin brother
user6297	misc_attribute	helpful
user6297	want_do	skydiving
user6297	has_ability	play instrument
user6298	like_sports	swimming
user6298	favorite_show	the voice
user6298	like_read	<blank>
user6298	physical_attribute	tall
user6298	employed_by_company	navy
user6299	place_origin	new york
user6299	like_sports	football
user6299	school_status	student
user6299	school_status	student
user6299	want_job	teacher
user6300	physical_attribute	blonde
user6300	like_general	money
user6300	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user6300	other	feet smell
user6301	favorite	holiday
user6301	like_activity	crocheting
user6301	own	house
user6301	like_music	alternative rock
user6302	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user6302	marital_status	divorced
user6302	other	hindu
user6303	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user6303	like_food	home-cooked meals
user6303	favorite_show	fantasy
user6303	like_general	blue
user6304	like_music	rock
user6304	favorite_food	steak
user6304	has_ability	not swim
user6304	own	chevy tahoe
user6305	have_vehicle	suv
user6305	have_pet	3 dog
user6305	have	vacation home
user6305	have_chidren	2 children
user6306	want_job	musician
user6307	like_activity	fishing
user6307	marital_status	single
user6307	like_music	rap
user6307	have_family	mother
user6308	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user6308	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user6308	live_in_general	near celebrities
user6308	has_age	19
user6309	have	bakery
user6309	have_chidren	1 son
user6309	misc_attribute	funny
user6310	has_ability	unclear
user6310	misc_attribute	shy
user6310	has_hobby	singing
user6310	other	was accepted to participate
user6311	like_sports	basketball
user6311	job_status	employed
user6311	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user6311	place_origin	texas
user6312	misc_attribute	intelligent
user6312	has_ability	perfect pitch
user6312	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user6312	has_profession	writer
user6312	has_ability	cook
user6313	other	vegan
user6313	have_sibling	2 brother
user6313	misc_attribute	romantic
user6313	like_activity	sleeping in
user6314	has_profession	volunteering
user6314	school_status	graduate student
user6314	other	early
user6315	like_activity	eavesdroping
user6315	own	money
user6315	misc_attribute	shallow
user6315	want	pet
user6316	like_general	the nighttime
user6316	has_profession	artist
user6316	have_pet	named charlie
user6316	own	2 hoop earrings
user6317	misc_attribute	angry
user6317	has_hobby	travel
user6317	like_watching	games shows
user6317	misc_attribute	religious
user6317	dislike	green beans
user6318	like_sports	hockey
user6318	have_family	sibling
user6318	attend_school	university
user6318	have	friend
user6319	like_sports	football
user6319	like_activity	reading
user6319	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user6320	favorite_color	green
user6320	has_ability	play instrument
user6320	has_profession	baseball player
user6320	like_read	history
user6321	has_ability	play instrument
user6321	like_activity	singing
user6321	has_ability	dance
user6321	like_general	going to bed late
user6322	like_activity	drawing
user6322	like_drink	tea
user6322	like_food	egg
user6322	like_sports	cycling
user6322	like_general	people
user6323	like_drink	iced tea
user6323	dislike	heights
user6323	want	mermaid
user6323	have_sibling	4 sibling
user6324	have_family	mother
user6324	misc_attribute	forgetful
user6324	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user6324	have	boyfriend
user6325	favorite_drink	pepsi
user6325	like_food	hot dog
user6325	has_hobby	reading
user6325	has_profession	librarian
user6325	has_hobby	bird watching
user6326	has_profession	accountant
user6326	have	car
user6326	gender	male
user6326	have_pet	2 dog
user6326	like_food	potato
user6327	like_music	rap
user6327	favorite	sleep
user6327	own	sneakers
user6327	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user6327	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user6328	like_watching	south park
user6328	has_hobby	baseball
user6328	marital_status	engaged
user6329	has_hobby	traveling
user6329	has_profession	engineer
user6329	like_activity	dancing
user6329	has_profession	technician
user6330	want_job	director
user6330	misc_attribute	sociable
user6330	has_ability	play instrument
user6330	has_hobby	band
user6331	like_goto	water
user6331	have_family	mother
user6331	like_general	cartoons
user6331	live_in_general	away from parents
user6331	like_general	audiobookms
user6332	like_activity	shopping
user6332	place_origin	california
user6332	like_general	recycling
user6332	school_status	student
user6332	like_goto	outdoors
user6333	like_activity	roleplay
user6333	dislike	all
user6333	like_general	morning
user6333	like_general	cars
user6334	have	brown belt
user6334	have_family	grandmother
user6334	has_hobby	singing
user6335	want_job	author
user6335	dislike	0 <blank>
user6335	has_profession	trainer
user6335	has_hobby	writing
user6336	like_drink	soda
user6336	employed_by_general	club
user6336	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6336	has_hobby	drawing
user6336	favorite_show	scooby doo
user6337	like_animal	dragon
user6337	like_activity	snorkeling
user6337	like_general	apple products
user6337	like_music	gary numan
user6338	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user6338	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user6338	like_general	christmas
user6338	have_chidren	daughter
user6338	want	magic was real
user6339	have_chidren	2 son
user6339	have_family	parents
user6339	has_profession	artist
user6339	misc_attribute	sad
user6339	have	a house
user6340	dislike	friend group
user6340	has_ability	feeling lost
user6340	marital_status	married
user6340	have_chidren	2 son
user6341	like_general	flowers
user6341	have_chidren	2 children
user6341	have_pet	3 dog
user6341	employed_by_general	vet
user6342	other	dieting
user6342	want	to become male model
user6342	like_music	classical
user6342	other	had cancer
user6342	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user6343	like_activity	working out
user6343	like_sports	soccer
user6343	misc_attribute	healthy
user6343	want	cool
user6344	<blank>	<blank>
user6344	like_general	place
user6344	physical_attribute	tall
user6344	like_activity	travel
user6345	has_ability	play instrument
user6345	want_do	have kids
user6345	place_origin	georgia
user6345	like_food	chocolate
user6346	has_profession	artist
user6346	like_general	the nighttime
user6346	have_pet	named charlie
user6347	have_pet	dog and cat
user6347	like_general	people
user6347	has_hobby	diving
user6347	want	immortality
user6348	like_general	shoes
user6348	like_activity	baking
user6348	like_activity	laughing
user6349	have	started a fire
user6349	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user6349	has_ability	speak language
user6349	own	an edged weapon
user6349	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user6350	like_general	winning
user6350	like_general	sunny day
user6350	like_drink	coffee
user6350	misc_attribute	attentive
user6351	employed_by_general	railroad
user6351	other	omnivore
user6351	like_watching	science fiction
user6351	like_music	vnv nation
user6351	like_food	pretzels
user6352	employed_by_general	fast food
user6352	want	educated
user6352	favorite	mileena
user6352	have	something purple
user6353	like_food	meatloaf
user6353	have_vehicle	car
user6353	have_pet	dog
user6353	like_music	0 toto
user6354	other	carnivore
user6354	have_pet	dog
user6354	misc_attribute	educated
user6354	employed_by_company	<blank>
user6355	like_animal	animals
user6355	like_activity	walking
user6355	like_activity	watching
user6356	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user6356	has_hobby	kayaking
user6356	misc_attribute	friendly
user6356	want_job	teacher
user6357	like_activity	shopping
user6357	has_hobby	yoga
user6357	like_goto	pool
user6357	job_status	employed
user6358	have_pet	2 dog
user6358	dislike	spiders
user6358	other	parents in the military
user6359	want	medication
user6359	like_music	queens of the stone age
user6359	has_hobby	skydiving
user6359	like_food	french fries
user6359	own	olympic medal
user6360	has_ability	impersonations
user6360	has_ability	4 speak language
user6360	has_profession	plumber
user6360	other	award winner
user6361	have_family	mother
user6361	school_status	graduated
user6361	have_family	grandmother
user6362	like_sports	fan
user6362	like_activity	politics
user6362	have_vehicle	car
user6362	want_job	entrepreneur
user6362	like_activity	hanging out
user6363	has_hobby	water sports
user6363	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user6363	like_general	red
user6363	physical_attribute	tall
user6364	like_watching	anime
user6364	has_hobby	gardening
user6364	own	2 laptops
user6364	like_food	chocolate
user6365	like_read	<blank>
user6365	has_profession	teacher
user6365	own	0 television
user6366	like_general	technology
user6366	have_pet	dog and cat
user6366	like_general	people
user6366	has_hobby	diving
user6367	favorite_color	green
user6367	like_sports	tennis
user6367	like_animal	animals
user6367	want_job	singer
user6368	employed_by_company	del taco
user6368	like_food	french fries
user6368	have_vehicle	bicycle
user6368	has_ability	fall up stairs
user6369	has_hobby	shopping
user6369	misc_attribute	suspicious
user6369	misc_attribute	shallow
user6369	misc_attribute	fabulous
user6369	has_hobby	check reflection
user6370	has_profession	barista
user6370	favorite	rose
user6370	have_pet	cat
user6370	other	vegan
user6371	physical_attribute	freckles
user6371	employed_by_general	army
user6371	like_read	romance
user6371	have_vehicle	prius
user6371	has_profession	builder
user6372	marital_status	single
user6372	has_hobby	cycling
user6373	employed_by_company	del taco
user6373	favorite_music_artist	up
user6373	have_vehicle	bicycle
user6373	has_ability	fall up stairs
user6373	like_food	french fries
user6374	have_vehicle	toyota
user6374	like_drink	pepsi
user6374	like_general	superfans
user6375	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user6375	like_activity	larp
user6375	physical_attribute	overweight
user6375	has_profession	designer
user6376	other	flew out of country
user6376	like_sports	hockey
user6376	attend_school	university
user6377	has_hobby	running
user6377	like_activity	video games
user6377	have	medication
user6377	like_activity	swimming
user6377	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user6378	like_goto	beach
user6378	employed_by_general	restaurant
user6378	like_activity	partying
user6378	attend_school	university
user6379	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user6379	has_hobby	running
user6379	has_hobby	running
user6379	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user6380	like_animal	dog
user6380	like_sports	swimming
user6380	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user6380	own	home
user6380	favorite_color	purple
user6381	have_family	only child
user6381	like_sports	swimming
user6381	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user6381	like_food	spicy
user6382	has_hobby	chess
user6382	has_hobby	walking
user6382	other	saw a solar eclipse
user6382	have	high speed internet
user6383	own	clothing
user6383	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user6383	want	eats too much fries
user6384	live_in_general	house
user6384	have	friends
user6384	like_animal	dogs and cats
user6384	has_age	10
user6385	has_age	20
user6385	gender	transfemale
user6385	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user6385	like_general	blue
user6385	like_food	pizza
user6386	physical_attribute	short
user6386	have_family	8 brother
user6387	misc_attribute	romantic
user6387	live_in_general	on lake
user6387	dislike	school
user6387	physical_attribute	average american youth
user6387	like_activity	walking
user6388	misc_attribute	brave
user6388	like_general	deployment
user6388	want_job	army
user6388	employed_by_company	army rangers
user6388	marital_status	married
user6389	like_general	morning
user6389	like_general	cars
user6389	like_activity	roleplay
user6389	dislike	all
user6390	school_status	graduated
user6390	have_family	grandmother
user6391	has_profession	president
user6391	other	rich
user6391	previous_profession	casino owner
user6391	own	casino
user6391	other	bankrupt
user6392	like_sports	basketball
user6392	favorite_drink	beer coors
user6392	has_profession	car sales
user6392	have_vehicle	acura
user6393	like_general	headsets
user6393	have_family	parents
user6393	like_general	red
user6393	own	phone
user6393	like_activity	travel
user6394	like_activity	drawing
user6394	like_sports	cycling
user6394	like_general	people
user6394	like_drink	tea
user6395	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user6395	have_pet	cat
user6395	have_family	grandfather
user6395	like_sports	basketball
user6396	has_profession	design video games
user6396	has_profession	designer
user6396	job_status	unemployed
user6397	have_pet	2 <blank>
user6397	marital_status	married
user6397	has_age	30
user6397	like_activity	walking
user6398	favorite	holiday
user6398	own	house
user6398	like_activity	crocheting
user6398	employed_by_general	craft store
user6398	like_music	alternative rock
user6399	like_sports	baseball
user6399	employed_by_general	government
user6399	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user6399	like_sports	sports
user6400	have_pet	3 dog
user6400	have_chidren	2 children
user6400	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user6400	has_profession	physical therapist
user6400	have_chidren	2 children
user6401	has_hobby	traveling
user6401	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user6401	like_goto	broadway shows
user6401	like_sports	steelers
user6402	like_general	cher
user6402	have	no money
user6402	have_vehicle	sports car
user6402	marital_status	single
user6403	physical_attribute	tall
user6403	want_do	basketball
user6403	want_do	play
user6403	have	knee surgery
user6403	school_status	graduated
user6404	job_status	volunteer
user6404	like_activity	traveling
user6404	marital_status	20 married
user6404	previous_profession	veteran
user6405	like_activity	reading
user6405	has_ability	read foreign language
user6405	like_activity	reading
user6405	school_status	dropped out
user6405	has_ability	read
user6406	like_general	blue
user6406	employed_by_general	military
user6406	has_age	25
user6406	have_chidren	1 son
user6406	has_hobby	wrestling
user6407	other	"dont believe in love"
user6407	have_family	adopted
user6407	have_family	only child
user6407	has_hobby	horseback riding
user6408	have	allergies
user6408	physical_attribute	attractive
user6408	like_animal	cat
user6408	physical_attribute	red skin
user6409	other	orphan
user6409	like_animal	dog
user6409	place_origin	nevada
user6409	previous_profession	pilot
user6409	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user6410	have_vehicle	moped
user6410	favorite_color	orange
user6410	has_profession	musician
user6410	physical_attribute	long nails
user6411	like_general	ford trucks
user6411	have_vehicle	truck
user6411	like_general	cars
user6411	have_vehicle	ford
user6411	have_vehicle	ford
user6412	favorite_food	sushi
user6412	has_degree	nursing
user6412	like_general	helping others
user6413	has_hobby	traveling
user6413	has_hobby	cooking
user6413	place_origin	beach
user6413	like_food	pizza
user6414	own	mansion
user6414	has_ability	play instrument
user6414	have_vehicle	ferrari
user6414	has_profession	rapper
user6414	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user6415	place_origin	farm
user6415	have	fibromyalgia
user6415	like_activity	beadworking
user6415	like_activity	reading
user6415	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user6416	other	sexual identity
user6416	dislike	rejection from parents
user6416	gender	different
user6416	misc_attribute	confused
user6416	misc_attribute	insecure
user6417	school_status	graduated
user6417	job_status	employed
user6417	job_status	employed
user6417	has_age	22
user6417	like_general	children
user6418	misc_attribute	skeptical
user6418	misc_attribute	lively
user6418	have	3 thumbs
user6418	like_general	color red
user6418	has_ability	fast typer
user6419	like_general	vinyl records
user6419	misc_attribute	active
user6419	want_do	fix
user6419	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user6419	have_vehicle	junk
user6420	like_music	indie
user6420	misc_attribute	picky
user6420	want_job	teacher
user6420	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user6420	like_animal	dog
user6421	have_pet	dog
user6421	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user6421	like_read	books
user6422	favorite_place	new york
user6422	like_activity	running
user6422	marital_status	divorced
user6422	has_profession	lawyer
user6423	have_pet	dog
user6423	has_profession	accountant
user6423	misc_attribute	colorful
user6424	want_do	traveling
user6424	like_read	books
user6424	like_general	time with friends
user6424	dislike	country
user6424	dislike	hot weather
user6425	live_in_general	far from home
user6425	has_ability	computer repair
user6425	like_food	meat
user6426	has_age	middle aged
user6426	like_music	religious
user6426	dislike	talking
user6426	like_sports	basketball
user6426	like_general	family
user6427	like_activity	learning
user6427	like_watching	foreign
user6427	misc_attribute	bored
user6427	want_do	speak language
user6428	other	have never ate candy
user6428	job_status	employed
user6428	like_watching	anime
user6428	have	nickname
user6429	like_activity	sleeping
user6429	dislike	traffic
user6429	other	vegetarian
user6430	has_profession	public relations
user6430	place_origin	seattle
user6430	other	buddhist
user6430	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user6430	other	vegan
user6431	has_profession	baseball player
user6431	has_ability	play instrument
user6431	like_read	history
user6431	favorite_color	green
user6432	other	viking
user6432	like_activity	fishing
user6432	live_in_general	a cold location
user6432	have	beard
user6433	like_sports	skiing
user6433	has_hobby	traveling
user6433	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user6433	attend_school	university
user6433	favorite_music	rock
user6434	like_activity	working out
user6434	like_general	people
user6434	like_activity	praying
user6434	like_general	building apps
user6435	like_activity	running
user6435	physical_attribute	blonde
user6435	like_general	blue
user6436	like_drink	expensive wine
user6436	other	lost jewelry
user6436	job_status	unemployed
user6436	like_activity	getting nails done
user6436	have_pet	dog
user6437	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user6437	has_ability	play instrument
user6437	has_hobby	fishing
user6437	has_hobby	working out
user6438	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user6438	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user6438	other	carnivore
user6438	favorite_movie	good burger
user6438	like_activity	whittling
user6439	have	3 best friends
user6439	like_sports	swimming
user6439	like_general	sports cars
user6439	favorite_activity	research race cars
user6439	has_age	14
user6440	<blank>	<blank>
user6440	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user6440	like_sports	football
user6440	favorite_movie	star wars
user6440	have_pet	iguana
user6441	school_status	failing
user6441	have_vehicle	honda
user6441	dislike	left turns
user6441	have_sibling	4 sibling
user6441	job_status	employed
user6442	like_goto	broadway shows
user6442	like_sports	steelers
user6442	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user6442	attend_school	university
user6443	has_profession	writer
user6443	like_activity	working out
user6443	favorite_music	metal
user6443	marital_status	engaged
user6444	dislike	work
user6444	has_ability	cheap
user6444	have_chidren	1 child
user6444	own	company
user6444	other	70 salary
user6445	has_profession	semi trucks
user6445	want_do	vacation
user6445	marital_status	married
user6446	other	recovering alcoholic
user6446	like_activity	pottery
user6446	have	appeared on jeopardy
user6446	like_activity	refurbishing
user6447	has_age	10
user6447	has_profession	safety patrol
user6447	like_read	harry potter
user6448	like_food	mcdonalds
user6448	like_music	pop
user6448	like_watching	nascar
user6449	like_watching	wildlife
user6449	like_goto	animal shelters
user6449	like_animal	<blank>
user6449	have_pet	several
user6450	have_pet	3 cat
user6450	has_profession	package delivery
user6450	like_food	candy
user6450	have_vehicle	honda
user6450	misc_attribute	funny
user6451	other	orphan
user6451	like_general	close friends
user6451	like_general	attention
user6451	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user6452	like_drink	coffee
user6452	own	rose garden
user6452	have_pet	cat
user6453	like_activity	skateboarding
user6453	gender	female
user6453	attend_school	high school
user6453	physical_attribute	blonde
user6454	job_status	employed
user6454	marital_status	married
user6454	has_profession	factory worker
user6454	want_job	musician
user6455	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user6455	has_degree	creative writing
user6455	like_activity	reading
user6455	have_sibling	3 sister
user6455	favorite_place	jamaica
user6456	like_activity	photography
user6456	dislike	rising early
user6456	like_general	rain
user6456	like_general	candles
user6456	like_activity	spending money
user6457	like_general	people
user6457	like_activity	working out
user6457	like_activity	praying
user6458	physical_attribute	long hair
user6458	previous_profession	movie theater
user6458	want	a new camera
user6458	like_food	spicy
user6458	has_hobby	running
user6459	like_sports	horseback riding
user6459	has_profession	police
user6459	like_activity	scuba diving
user6459	place_origin	kansas
user6460	like_goto	nail salon
user6460	have	therapist
user6460	like_goto	cafe
user6460	employed_by_general	lawyer
user6461	has_profession	advertising executive
user6461	have_pet	dog
user6461	has_hobby	writing
user6462	attend_school	university
user6462	job_status	unemployed
user6462	misc_attribute	confident
user6462	want	botos
user6463	has_ability	security guard
user6463	job_status	employed
user6463	has_age	30
user6463	have_pet	2 dog
user6464	like_sports	football
user6464	have_vehicle	ford
user6464	attend_school	university
user6464	like_movie	action
user6465	has_age	25
user6465	live_in_general	apartment
user6465	have_chidren	daughter
user6466	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user6466	have_pet	dog
user6466	like_music	pretenders
user6466	has_degree	bachelors
user6466	has_profession	teacher
user6467	like_general	shoes
user6467	like_activity	shopping
user6467	like_food	pizza
user6467	like_activity	dance
user6467	like_food	burrito
user6468	has_hobby	puzzles
user6468	like_music	country
user6468	has_profession	writer
user6468	has_profession	teacher
user6469	own	clothing
user6469	dislike	math
user6469	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user6469	want	eats too much fries
user6470	physical_attribute	buff
user6470	have	beard
user6470	like_activity	fashion
user6470	has_profession	attorney
user6471	like_animal	dogs and cats
user6471	have	friends
user6471	live_in_general	house
user6471	has_age	10
user6472	employed_by_general	candy store
user6472	has_hobby	football
user6472	like_activity	running
user6472	like_general	politics
user6473	has_profession	poet
user6473	member_of	hobby club
user6473	has_hobby	donating clothes
user6473	have_pet	fish
user6474	want_do	skydiving
user6474	job_status	internship
user6474	other	character
user6474	have_pet	reptile
user6475	like_activity	walking
user6475	want_do	travel
user6475	has_profession	teacher
user6475	job_status	retired
user6476	favorite_activity	gardening
user6476	has_age	77
user6476	like_drink	coffee
user6476	other	am a widow
user6477	want_job	teacher
user6477	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user6477	dislike	some foods
user6477	like_music	indie
user6478	like_general	winning
user6478	misc_attribute	not obligated
user6478	misc_attribute	smart
user6478	like_drink	coffee
user6478	like_general	sunny day
user6479	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user6479	like_activity	driving
user6479	other	did not know my dad
user6480	previous_profession	telemarketer
user6480	like_activity	playing the lottery
user6480	dislike	punching clocks
user6480	have	money
user6481	want_do	<blank>
user6481	<blank>	<blank>
user6481	has_hobby	writing
user6481	favorite_color	black
user6482	like_general	being a guy
user6482	have_family	mother
user6482	like_activity	hiking
user6482	like_movie	shows
user6483	has_hobby	yoga
user6483	has_hobby	volunteer
user6483	has_profession	teacher
user6483	marital_status	married
user6483	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user6484	gender	male
user6484	misc_attribute	unsociable
user6484	like_food	sweets
user6484	other	jack of all trades
user6484	misc_attribute	careful
user6485	own	cell phone
user6485	like_drink	alcohol
user6485	other	cat person
user6486	favorite_hobby	dancing
user6486	dislike	math
user6486	attend_school	university
user6486	have_pet	dog
user6487	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user6487	physical_attribute	overweight
user6487	has_profession	designer
user6487	like_activity	larp
user6487	physical_attribute	tall
user6488	like_activity	reading
user6488	like_general	comics
user6488	have_pet	cat
user6488	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user6489	have_family	only child
user6489	school_status	student
user6489	like_general	red
user6490	has_hobby	volunteering
user6490	dislike	country
user6490	physical_attribute	blonde
user6490	has_hobby	dancing
user6491	has_profession	national guard officer
user6491	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user6491	like_general	weather
user6491	like_food	fast
user6492	has_profession	baker
user6492	has_profession	nurse
user6492	like_activity	surfing
user6492	other	childhood
user6493	own	9 guitars
user6493	other	vegan
user6493	has_ability	play instrument
user6493	want	play in a local band
user6494	school_status	student
user6494	have_vehicle	honda
user6494	misc_attribute	scared
user6495	have_pet	dog
user6495	like_activity	bathing
user6495	like_activity	working out
user6495	like_music	country
user6496	place_origin	alabama
user6496	dislike	sweet home alabama
user6496	like_animal	rabbit
user6497	like_food	meat
user6497	other	vegetarian
user6497	have	house
user6498	physical_attribute	thin
user6498	place_origin	baltimore
user6498	has_profession	0 clerk
user6499	marital_status	widow
user6499	have	broke my arm twice
user6499	have_sibling	6 sibling
user6500	attend_school	university of north carolina
user6500	has_profession	basketball player
user6500	has_hobby	basketball
user6500	has_profession	basketball player
user6500	has_profession	athlete
user6501	has_hobby	ice hockey
user6501	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user6501	gender	male
user6501	attend_school	high school
user6501	favorite	math
user6502	favorite	toyota cars
user6502	like_general	vote
user6502	want	truck
user6502	dislike	overtime
user6502	employed_by_general	hospital
user6503	misc_attribute	sad
user6503	have	a house
user6503	have_family	parents
user6503	has_profession	artist
user6503	have_chidren	2 son
user6504	has_hobby	skiing
user6504	has_ability	ski racer
user6504	has_hobby	skiing
user6505	place_origin	nevada
user6505	other	orphan
user6505	previous_profession	pilot
user6505	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user6505	like_animal	dog
user6506	want_do	study abroad in spain
user6506	like_sports	football
user6506	place_origin	new york
user6506	want_job	teacher
user6507	like_read	twilight
user6507	attend_school	elementary
user6507	have	6 toes
user6507	have	glasses
user6507	dislike	skiing
user6508	has_hobby	working out
user6508	has_ability	play instrument
user6508	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user6508	has_hobby	fishing
user6509	school_status	graduated
user6509	other	was diagnosed with autism
user6509	like_music	linkin park
user6509	misc_attribute	quiet
user6509	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user6510	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user6510	have_pet	4 cat
user6510	like_music	metallica
user6510	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6510	attend_school	university
user6511	like_activity	play league of legends
user6511	has_profession	gamer
user6511	marital_status	single
user6511	like_animal	dog
user6511	has_hobby	walking
user6512	has_profession	salesman
user6512	has_age	53
user6512	has_profession	fitness guru
user6512	misc_attribute	religious
user6512	misc_attribute	carefree
user6513	like_activity	fishing
user6513	has_ability	cannibal
user6513	have_pet	dog
user6513	has_hobby	boat making
user6514	like_general	nature
user6514	like_general	eating out
user6514	like_general	blue
user6514	job_status	employed
user6515	like_activity	dance
user6515	gender	female
user6515	attend_school	preschool
user6515	favorite_animal	zebra
user6516	employed_by_general	restaurant
user6516	attend_school	university
user6516	like_goto	beach
user6516	school_status	student
user6517	have_family	mother
user6517	attend_school	high school
user6517	like_sports	hockey
user6518	has_hobby	horseback riding
user6518	have_sibling	brother
user6518	like_food	popcorn
user6518	has_hobby	snowboarding
user6519	like_activity	horseback riding
user6519	favorite	rose
user6519	like_activity	baking
user6519	place_origin	texas
user6520	has_degree	american literature and education
user6520	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user6520	has_hobby	hiking
user6520	want_job	teacher
user6521	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user6521	like_read	crime
user6521	school_status	graduate student
user6521	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user6522	physical_attribute	red skin
user6522	have	allergies
user6522	dislike	dust
user6522	physical_attribute	attractive
user6523	other	name is gerald
user6523	like_sports	basketball
user6523	like_music	rock
user6523	favorite_color	green
user6524	physical_attribute	beard
user6524	gender	male
user6524	have_pet	dog
user6524	like_activity	football
user6525	like_animal	cat
user6525	live_in_general	basement
user6525	has_hobby	reading
user6526	like_activity	manicures
user6526	have_chidren	son
user6526	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user6527	have_vehicle	honda
user6527	want_do	<blank>
user6527	like_read	thriller
user6527	like_watching	sitcoms
user6527	like_activity	talking
user6528	employed_by_general	office
user6528	like_activity	shopping
user6528	have_pet	cat
user6528	have	2 tattoos
user6529	favorite	superman
user6529	dislike	heights
user6529	have_sibling	twins
user6529	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user6529	have_chidren	partner
user6530	like_general	going to bed late
user6530	like_food	chinese
user6530	marital_status	single
user6530	has_profession	make robots
user6530	have	bas social life
user6531	job_status	with wife
user6531	has_profession	zoologist
user6531	have	taught
user6532	have_pet	2 dog
user6532	other	parents in the military
user6532	dislike	spiders
user6532	has_profession	pilot
user6533	like_watching	sunsets
user6533	like_sports	surfing
user6533	dislike	red meat
user6533	physical_attribute	brunette
user6533	live_in_general	near the ocean
user6534	attend_school	high school
user6534	have_family	mother
user6534	has_hobby	travel
user6534	like_sports	hockey
user6535	employed_by_general	warehouse
user6535	marital_status	married
user6535	has_hobby	video games
user6536	favorite_music	country
user6536	other	vegetarian
user6536	job_status	employed
user6536	like_general	internet
user6537	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user6537	like_activity	zumba
user6537	like_activity	collecting rocks
user6537	like_food	beans
user6538	have_pet	1 cat
user6538	physical_attribute	overweight
user6538	physical_attribute	short
user6538	like_activity	sewing
user6538	physical_attribute	brunette
user6539	live_in_general	sister
user6539	like_read	<blank>
user6539	like_activity	clean
user6539	misc_attribute	afraid
user6540	like_animal	parrot
user6540	other	disappointment
user6540	have_family	sibling
user6540	want_do	go to beach
user6541	attend_school	graduate school
user6541	has_hobby	cooking
user6541	like_food	sushi
user6541	school_status	student
user6542	favorite_food	shrimp
user6542	like_activity	watching videos
user6542	like_food	pumpkins
user6542	have_pet	dog
user6542	favorite	third-party softtware
user6543	employed_by_general	factory
user6543	favorite_place	seattle
user6543	physical_attribute	broke nose
user6543	like_music	jazz
user6544	like_food	fruit
user6544	like_animal	dragon
user6544	like_general	apple products
user6544	like_activity	snorkeling
user6544	like_music	gary numan
user6545	own	company
user6545	attend_school	high school
user6545	has_ability	cheap
user6545	dislike	work
user6545	have_chidren	1 child
user6546	want_job	teacher
user6546	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user6546	has_hobby	hiking
user6546	has_degree	american literature and education
user6547	has_hobby	gardening
user6547	like_activity	cooking
user6547	have_pet	cat
user6547	have_chidren	children
user6548	other	ketogenic
user6548	employed_by_general	circus
user6548	has_hobby	watching movies
user6548	have_pet	2 dog
user6549	want	to become male model
user6549	like_music	classical
user6549	other	had cancer
user6549	other	dieting
user6549	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user6550	want_do	open a business
user6550	other	vegetarian
user6550	like_sports	surfing
user6551	has_profession	builder
user6551	physical_attribute	freckles
user6551	employed_by_general	army
user6551	like_read	romance
user6552	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user6552	attend_school	local college
user6552	has_hobby	watching television
user6552	like_food	vegetarian
user6553	like_goto	museum
user6553	have_chidren	2 son
user6553	like_activity	painting
user6554	other	flew out of country
user6554	like_sports	hockey
user6554	have_family	1 sibling
user6555	like_activity	singing
user6555	have	roommate
user6555	own	cupcake business
user6555	has_ability	to be late
user6556	like_watching	british
user6556	has_age	77
user6556	like_animal	animals
user6556	previous_profession	programmer
user6557	other	friends.
user6557	has_hobby	basketball
user6557	have_chidren	2 son
user6557	has_ability	feeling lost
user6558	physical_attribute	short
user6558	misc_attribute	smart
user6558	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user6558	physical_attribute	round
user6559	have_family	step dad
user6559	has_profession	programmer
user6559	dislike	dad
user6559	place_origin	spain
user6559	like_general	cardigans
user6560	favorite_food	italian
user6560	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user6560	has_profession	programmer
user6560	like_watching	netflix
user6561	misc_attribute	romantic
user6561	dislike	school
user6561	live_in_general	on lake
user6561	like_activity	walking
user6562	misc_attribute	team player
user6562	other	42 number is
user6562	has_hobby	goalie
user6562	has_hobby	soccer
user6562	favorite	nike cleats
user6563	other	dieting
user6563	like_music	classical
user6563	other	had cancer
user6563	want	to become male model
user6564	like_activity	sewing
user6564	like_activity	fashion
user6564	like_goto	thrift shops
user6564	like_general	recycling
user6564	has_profession	teacher
user6565	dislike	working out
user6565	have_pet	3 dog
user6565	have	blood sugar problems
user6565	have_vehicle	bicycle
user6566	like_sports	swimming
user6566	favorite_color	purple
user6566	own	home
user6566	like_animal	dog
user6567	favorite_food	chicken
user6567	have_pet	cat
user6567	like_music	metallica
user6567	like_goto	gym
user6568	has_profession	truck driver
user6568	has_ability	driving
user6569	like_activity	running
user6569	own	trophies
user6569	like_activity	singing
user6569	favorite_activity	cooking
user6569	other	can sim very quickly
user6570	has_ability	writing a novel
user6570	dislike	pickle
user6570	favorite_show	rick and morty
user6570	own	iphone
user6570	favorite_color	black
user6571	misc_attribute	organized
user6571	have_chidren	children
user6571	like_activity	cooking
user6571	like_activity	running
user6571	favorite_show	face off
user6572	have_family	mother
user6572	have_family	grandmother
user6572	school_status	graduated
user6572	dislike	salad
user6573	have_sibling	twin sister
user6573	favorite_food	fried chicken
user6573	marital_status	married
user6574	favorite_hobby	dancing
user6574	have_pet	dog
user6574	attend_school	university
user6574	have_vehicle	lexus
user6575	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user6575	dislike	fashion
user6575	has_profession	waitress
user6575	misc_attribute	am happy
user6576	other	youngest
user6576	attend_school	university
user6576	has_hobby	tennis
user6576	attend_school	graduate school
user6576	like_read	mystery
user6577	like_goto	nail salon
user6577	employed_by_general	lawyer
user6577	like_goto	cafe
user6577	have	therapist
user6578	has_profession	waiter
user6578	job_status	employed
user6578	job_status	employed
user6578	want_job	doctor
user6579	like_food	ice cream
user6579	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6579	employed_by_general	dog walker
user6579	have	0 traveled.
user6580	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6580	employed_by_general	dog walker
user6580	have	0 traveled.
user6580	like_food	ice cream
user6581	other	mother
user6581	have_chidren	2 children
user6581	has_profession	teacher
user6582	has_profession	national guard officer
user6582	like_general	weather
user6582	like_food	fast
user6582	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user6582	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user6583	have_pet	2 dog
user6583	has_profession	programmer
user6583	job_status	employed
user6583	like_activity	donate time
user6583	employed_by_company	facebook
user6584	has_age	77
user6584	have	2 grandchildren
user6584	like_watching	british
user6584	previous_profession	programmer
user6585	attend_school	high school
user6585	has_hobby	cs and ds
user6585	like_food	sweets
user6585	like_music	bruno mars
user6585	like_activity	sleeping
user6586	like_read	<blank>
user6586	like_animal	dog
user6586	has_profession	doctor
user6586	marital_status	single
user6587	favorite	costco
user6587	misc_attribute	shy
user6587	has_hobby	cloud watching
user6587	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user6587	has_profession	salesman
user6588	employed_by_general	movie theater
user6588	has_hobby	filmng
user6588	like_food	nachos
user6589	live_in_general	mansion
user6589	other	make 35 million a year
user6589	attend_school	university
user6589	member_of	sports team
user6589	has_profession	basketball player
user6590	marital_status	married
user6590	have_pet	dog
user6590	place_origin	tennessee
user6590	has_hobby	fishing
user6590	like_music	charlie daniels
user6591	<blank>	travel
user6591	like_activity	travel
user6592	favorite_animal	pug
user6592	school_status	graduate student
user6592	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user6592	misc_attribute	night owl
user6592	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6593	has_hobby	traveling
user6593	has_hobby	traveling
user6593	like_activity	swimming
user6593	like_general	cabins in the woods
user6594	like_read	mystery
user6594	like_food	pizza
user6594	nationality	united states
user6594	like_goto	beach
user6595	own	agency
user6595	marital_status	married
user6595	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user6596	other	allergies
user6596	like_activity	manicures
user6596	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user6597	job_status	employed
user6597	like_watching	anime
user6597	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user6597	have	nickname
user6597	other	have never ate candy
user6598	physical_attribute	skinny
user6598	favorite_drink	coffee
user6598	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user6598	has_ability	0 run very fast
user6598	have_vehicle	car
user6599	like_goto	cinema
user6599	own	cape
user6600	place_origin	austin
user6600	like_general	social media
user6600	want_do	photography
user6600	misc_attribute	sensitive
user6600	like_activity	cooking
user6601	like_music	muggers
user6601	marital_status	single
user6601	have	bizarre dreams
user6601	like_activity	surfing
user6602	like_activity	reading
user6602	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user6602	favorite_place	jamaica
user6602	have_sibling	3 sister
user6602	has_degree	creative writing
user6603	have_chidren	child
user6603	have_pet	2 cat
user6603	like_watching	sport
user6603	dislike	running
user6604	have	won lottery
user6604	has_ability	lie
user6604	has_hobby	painting
user6604	has_hobby	painting
user6605	other	epileptic
user6605	like_read	<blank>
user6605	like_activity	swimming
user6605	have_chidren	1 son
user6606	<blank>	<blank>
user6606	has_profession	author
user6606	like_food	green tea
user6606	like_activity	writing
user6606	like_watching	mystery
user6607	has_hobby	larp
user6607	has_profession	general
user6607	has_age	32
user6607	has_ability	to move out
user6607	have_family	father
user6608	like_animal	animals
user6608	like_activity	working out
user6608	like_activity	watching
user6608	dislike	watching television
user6608	like_activity	walking
user6609	like_activity	baking
user6609	like_activity	wrestling
user6609	previous_profession	nurse
user6609	has_profession	cartographer
user6609	like_activity	painting
user6610	misc_attribute	angry
user6610	like_general	people
user6610	like_activity	rock climbing
user6611	misc_attribute	skeptical
user6611	has_ability	fast typer
user6611	like_general	color red
user6611	have	3 thumbs
user6612	dislike	paying bills
user6612	misc_attribute	lazy
user6612	misc_attribute	dull
user6612	have_pet	1 dog
user6612	dislike	over eating
user6613	marital_status	single
user6613	have_pet	dog
user6613	like_sports	tennis
user6613	favorite_place	mall
user6613	physical_attribute	deaf
user6614	have_vehicle	scooter
user6614	physical_attribute	red hair
user6614	misc_attribute	friendly
user6614	other	nick
user6614	dislike	music
user6615	like_activity	helping
user6615	gender	female
user6615	live_in_general	rural area
user6615	job_status	retired
user6616	like_activity	baking
user6616	has_profession	cartographer
user6616	like_activity	wrestling
user6616	previous_profession	nurse
user6617	has_ability	play instrument
user6617	has_ability	dance
user6617	like_general	going to bed late
user6617	other	vegetarian
user6618	like_activity	hiking
user6618	like_general	natural world beauty
user6618	like_animal	all
user6619	like_animal	dog
user6619	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user6619	want_job	teacher
user6619	dislike	some foods
user6620	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user6620	like_food	fast
user6620	like_general	weather
user6620	has_profession	national guard officer
user6620	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user6621	has_hobby	baking
user6621	have_chidren	3 daughter
user6621	gender	female
user6622	dislike	formal situations
user6622	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user6622	like_activity	hiking
user6622	have_family	<blank>
user6622	live_in_general	alone
user6623	have_vehicle	ford
user6623	like_drink	coke
user6623	employed_by_general	retailer
user6623	has_hobby	shopping
user6624	like_goto	league
user6624	member_of	sports team
user6624	has_hobby	football
user6624	misc_attribute	determined
user6625	has_hobby	diving
user6625	like_general	people
user6625	like_general	technology
user6625	have_pet	dog and cat
user6626	like_general	katy perry
user6626	have_vehicle	ford
user6626	like_drink	coke
user6626	has_hobby	shopping
user6626	employed_by_general	retailer
user6627	has_profession	athlete
user6627	like_sports	football
user6627	like_general	baltimore ravens
user6627	has_hobby	football
user6627	has_hobby	football
user6628	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user6628	has_profession	cashier
user6628	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user6628	has_age	25
user6629	place_origin	beach
user6629	has_hobby	traveling
user6629	like_animal	dog
user6629	like_food	pizza
user6630	has_ability	play instrument
user6630	has_profession	writer
user6630	other	am lesbian
user6631	like_activity	baking
user6631	favorite	rose
user6631	place_origin	texas
user6632	want_job	director
user6632	misc_attribute	sociable
user6632	has_ability	play instrument
user6632	has_hobby	band
user6633	like_general	pens
user6633	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user6633	want_do	make more money
user6633	has_hobby	writing
user6634	previous_profession	musician
user6634	like_music	the story so far
user6634	employed_by_general	online
user6634	previous_profession	factory worker
user6634	like_food	meat
user6635	misc_attribute	independent
user6635	favorite_food	onion
user6635	like_general	crystals
user6635	physical_attribute	curly
user6636	gender	female
user6636	like_activity	dancing
user6636	have	never
user6636	want_do	go to europe
user6636	like_activity	shopping
user6637	has_age	32
user6637	have_family	father
user6637	has_hobby	larping
user6637	has_profession	general
user6638	have_family	mother
user6638	physical_attribute	long hair
user6638	dislike	1 cooking
user6639	previous_profession	mechanic
user6639	has_ability	can build computers
user6639	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user6639	want	join military when younger
user6639	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user6640	live_in_general	house
user6640	have	friends
user6640	has_age	10
user6640	like_animal	dogs and cats
user6641	other	bad genetics
user6641	have_pet	dog
user6641	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user6641	physical_attribute	short
user6641	like_drink	coffee
user6642	other	3 allergies
user6642	like_activity	watching television
user6642	favorite_music	metal
user6643	have_vehicle	convertible
user6643	like_activity	spreading happiness
user6643	like_music	katy perry
user6643	has_profession	lifeguard
user6643	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user6644	have_pet	2 dog
user6644	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user6644	like_animal	dog
user6644	have_pet	2 dog
user6645	physical_attribute	long red hair
user6645	dislike	asparagus
user6645	have_pet	10 cat
user6645	like_food	blue jello
user6646	like_food	mcdonalds
user6646	has_profession	retailer
user6646	have_sibling	8 children
user6646	want	love
user6646	have	friends
user6647	like_activity	fishing
user6647	have_pet	3 dog
user6647	like_activity	cooking
user6647	employed_by_general	architect firm
user6648	favorite_animal	koala
user6648	other	lives with a roommate
user6648	job_status	employed
user6648	dislike	beer
user6649	like_food	food with no animal product
user6649	favorite_music_artist	muse
user6649	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user6650	has_profession	barista
user6650	favorite_book	the bible
user6650	like_goto	craft shows
user6650	live_in_general	apartment
user6650	has_hobby	fashion
user6651	<blank>	<blank>
user6651	like_activity	travel
user6651	like_activity	building
user6651	physical_attribute	tall
user6652	favorite_book	jane austen
user6652	like_food	fish
user6652	live_in_general	near the ocean
user6652	like_general	shoes
user6652	have_vehicle	boat
user6653	like_drink	coffee
user6653	other	am a widow
user6653	has_age	77
user6654	have_pet	5 cat
user6654	nationality	british
user6654	like_general	blue
user6655	like_activity	video games
user6655	like_activity	ballet
user6655	favorite_color	purple
user6655	physical_attribute	blonde
user6656	employed_by_general	army
user6656	has_ability	fly airplane
user6656	like_activity	building computers
user6656	attend_school	university
user6657	like_activity	painting
user6657	place_origin	london
user6657	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user6657	job_status	employed
user6657	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user6658	misc_attribute	religious
user6658	has_profession	salesman
user6658	has_profession	fitness guru
user6658	has_age	53
user6658	misc_attribute	carefree
user6659	own	hair
user6659	school_status	student
user6659	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user6659	like_animal	lizard
user6660	want	be alone
user6660	like_activity	competition
user6660	misc_attribute	distrustful
user6660	dislike	trying new things
user6660	like_general	the library
user6661	have_chidren	son
user6661	other	award winning 4h member
user6661	has_ability	impersonations
user6661	has_ability	4 speak language
user6662	like_music	classical
user6662	other	dieting
user6662	other	had cancer
user6662	want	to become male model
user6662	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user6663	member_of	church
user6663	teach	children
user6663	other	vegan
user6663	misc_attribute	ocd
user6664	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user6664	other	vegetarian
user6664	has_hobby	reading
user6664	like_animal	cat
user6665	has_profession	dental assistant
user6665	like_activity	clubbing
user6665	own	universe
user6665	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user6666	favorite_color	purple
user6666	place_origin	church
user6666	have_chidren	child
user6666	has_profession	teacher
user6667	attend_school	university
user6667	live_in_general	a home
user6667	like_music	death metal
user6667	like_activity	watching television
user6668	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user6668	like_sports	football
user6669	like_activity	working out
user6669	have	nice smile
user6669	misc_attribute	friendly
user6669	like_general	makeup
user6669	misc_attribute	mean
user6670	has_ability	play instrument
user6670	dislike	heights
user6670	have_family	1 twins
user6670	favorite	superman
user6670	have	been cheated on
user6671	marital_status	not married
user6671	has_hobby	hunting
user6671	like_sports	basketball
user6671	like_activity	singing
user6671	have_chidren	children
user6672	favorite_music	metal
user6672	has_profession	commercials
user6672	like_activity	watching television
user6673	like_food	cookies
user6673	school_status	student
user6673	like_food	ice cream
user6673	like_activity	painting
user6674	like_activity	gardening
user6674	misc_attribute	independent
user6674	physical_attribute	curly
user6674	favorite_food	onion
user6675	has_age	30
user6675	physical_attribute	colorblind
user6675	other	volunteer firefighter.
user6675	has_degree	marketing
user6675	job_status	employed
user6676	have	a beer
user6676	have_vehicle	truck
user6676	favorite_food	steak
user6676	like_sports	football
user6676	has_profession	roofer
user6677	like_animal	animals
user6677	want_job	singer
user6677	like_sports	tennis
user6677	favorite_color	green
user6678	employed_by_general	grocery store
user6678	has_ability	visiting
user6679	has_hobby	reading
user6679	like_watching	anime
user6679	like_activity	role play
user6679	misc_attribute	artistic
user6679	like_read	comics
user6680	have_chidren	2 son
user6680	like_goto	wine tours
user6680	like_goto	museum
user6681	favorite	hero
user6681	dislike	dresses
user6681	like_animal	butterfly
user6681	favorite_season	summer
user6681	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user6682	marital_status	married
user6682	favorite_food	cheesecake
user6682	own	money
user6683	like_activity	dressing up
user6683	want	happy
user6683	like_general	her
user6684	like_activity	dance
user6684	like_food	pizza
user6684	like_general	shoes
user6684	like_food	burrito
user6684	like_activity	shopping
user6685	want	weather
user6685	other	big family
user6685	school_status	graduated
user6685	place_origin	outside the us
user6686	marital_status	engaged
user6686	has_hobby	baseball
user6686	like_watching	south park
user6687	have_vehicle	toyota
user6687	like_drink	pepsi
user6687	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user6687	like_general	superfans
user6688	have_pet	cat
user6688	have_family	grandfather
user6688	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user6688	like_sports	basketball
user6689	favorite_food	hamburgers
user6689	like_watching	comedy
user6689	job_status	employed
user6689	has_profession	ballerina
user6690	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user6690	place_origin	nevada
user6690	other	orphan
user6690	like_animal	dog
user6691	have_vehicle	car
user6691	has_profession	scout
user6691	not_have	pet
user6691	like_food	brunch
user6692	marital_status	single
user6692	own	bmw
user6692	other	debt
user6692	like_activity	shopping
user6692	have	friends
user6693	have_family	2 nephew
user6693	place_origin	farm
user6693	has_profession	veterinarian
user6693	has_hobby	running
user6694	like_sports	water ski
user6694	has_age	10
user6694	other	arnold
user6694	favorite_drink	orange juice
user6695	like_read	<blank>
user6695	like_read	enders game
user6695	place_origin	kentucky
user6695	has_hobby	gardening
user6696	favorite_sport	rugby
user6696	like_watching	sport
user6696	like_activity	flying kites
user6696	own	car
user6697	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user6697	want	eats too much fries
user6697	own	clothing
user6698	dislike	eating out
user6698	like_sports	running
user6698	like_watching	foreign
user6699	want_do	produce music
user6699	has_ability	play instrument
user6699	have_sibling	2 brother
user6699	school_status	student
user6700	misc_attribute	family man
user6700	marital_status	married
user6700	has_profession	pediatrician
user6700	have_family	<blank>
user6700	like_activity	bowling
user6701	have_sibling	1 sister
user6701	other	premature
user6701	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user6701	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user6702	like_activity	cooking
user6702	have_pet	cat
user6702	want_do	traveling
user6703	has_hobby	fishing
user6703	misc_attribute	moral
user6704	favorite_book	jane austen
user6704	have_vehicle	boat
user6704	like_food	fish
user6704	like_general	shoes
user6705	physical_attribute	handicapped
user6705	has_profession	disc jockey
user6705	other	am blind
user6705	have	friends
user6706	like_music	<blank>
user6706	like_goto	places
user6706	like_watching	the voice
user6706	attend_school	princeton
user6707	have_pet	dog
user6707	misc_attribute	educated
user6707	employed_by_company	<blank>
user6708	marital_status	single
user6708	other	debt
user6708	own	bmw
user6708	like_activity	shopping
user6709	favorite_book	stephen king
user6709	has_ability	digital art
user6709	favorite_hobby	reading
user6710	want	to visit rome
user6710	like_music	kurt cobain
user6710	like_activity	fashion
user6710	have	"drivers license"
user6710	have_family	father
user6711	other	dave
user6711	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user6711	like_activity	fishing
user6711	has_hobby	hiking
user6711	has_profession	personal trainer
user6712	dislike	math
user6712	want	eats too much fries
user6712	own	clothing
user6712	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user6713	has_ability	single
user6713	like_general	iphone
user6713	like_movie	superhero
user6713	own	ebooks
user6714	like_activity	watching
user6714	like_activity	working out
user6714	like_animal	animals
user6715	live_in_general	park
user6715	not_have	car
user6715	not_have	child
user6715	favorite_color	purple
user6716	like_activity	dance
user6716	like_general	shoes
user6716	like_food	pizza
user6716	like_activity	shopping
user6716	like_food	burrito
user6717	have	laugh
user6717	marital_status	single
user6717	like_activity	cooking
user6717	employed_by_general	publishing building
user6717	gender	female
user6718	like_activity	reading
user6718	marital_status	married
user6718	favorite_place	beach
user6718	has_profession	teacher
user6719	have	girlfriend
user6719	other	veteran
user6719	like_food	meat
user6720	not_have	child
user6720	like_goto	pool
user6720	job_status	employed
user6720	like_activity	shopping
user6720	has_hobby	yoga
user6721	want	procedures
user6721	want	happy
user6721	like_activity	dressing up
user6722	want_job	superhero
user6722	favorite	superman
user6722	has_age	8
user6722	like_read	comics
user6722	other	<blank>
user6723	has_hobby	listens
user6723	not_have	child
user6723	favorite_color	purple
user6723	not_have	car
user6723	live_in_general	park
user6724	like_goto	broadway shows
user6724	like_music	avert brother
user6724	attend_school	university
user6724	has_hobby	traveling
user6724	like_sports	steelers
user6725	like_sports	fan
user6725	like_activity	politics
user6725	have_vehicle	car
user6725	want_job	entrepreneur
user6725	like_activity	hanging out
user6726	has_ability	play instrument
user6726	has_hobby	play
user6726	like_food	indian cuisine
user6726	want	to adopt a dog
user6727	place_origin	spain
user6727	favorite_music	hip hop
user6727	other	vegetarian
user6727	has_profession	veterinarian
user6727	marital_status	married
user6728	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user6728	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user6728	employed_by_general	gas station
user6728	like_goto	grocery store
user6728	has_profession	salesman
user6729	have_pet	cat
user6729	have	1 blue eye
user6729	has_ability	speak language
user6730	want	bike
user6730	like_music	jazz
user6730	physical_attribute	broke nose
user6730	employed_by_general	factory
user6731	has_profession	cleaner
user6731	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user6731	marital_status	married
user6732	want	responsible
user6732	have	friends
user6732	misc_attribute	distrustful
user6732	school_status	student
user6733	has_ability	play instrument
user6733	<blank>	<blank>
user6733	have_pet	dog
user6733	<blank>	<blank>
user6733	like_music	country
user6734	other	carnivore
user6734	employed_by_company	<blank>
user6734	misc_attribute	educated
user6735	want_do	sports
user6735	has_hobby	archery
user6735	has_ability	sport
user6735	dislike	sports
user6736	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user6736	has_hobby	fishing
user6736	have_vehicle	boat
user6736	like_food	tuna
user6737	like_food	gluten free
user6737	like_activity	rock climbing
user6737	physical_attribute	hair is black
user6737	have_pet	1 dog
user6738	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user6738	other	premature
user6738	have_sibling	1 sister
user6738	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user6739	has_profession	librarian
user6739	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user6739	job_status	volunteer
user6739	like_food	italian cuisine
user6739	like_music	concerts
user6740	misc_attribute	picky
user6740	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user6740	like_music	indie
user6740	want_job	teacher
user6740	like_animal	dog
user6741	has_profession	artist
user6741	like_general	the nighttime
user6741	have_pet	named charlie
user6741	own	2 hoop earrings
user6742	like_animal	dragon
user6742	like_general	sunshine
user6742	misc_attribute	confused
user6742	has_hobby	driving
user6742	have_family	grandchild
user6743	teach	kids
user6743	have_pet	3 dog
user6743	like_general	religion
user6743	have	personal trainer
user6743	like_sports	bicycling
user6744	has_hobby	reading
user6744	like_goto	park
user6744	employed_by_general	museum
user6744	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user6745	like_activity	cleaning
user6745	have_chidren	children
user6745	like_food	fast food
user6745	has_hobby	watching movies
user6746	have_family	sibling
user6746	like_activity	climbing
user6746	want_do	travel
user6746	like_animal	parrot
user6746	other	disappointment
user6747	physical_attribute	short
user6747	want_job	unspecified
user6747	have_pet	1 dog
user6747	like_general	red
user6747	have_sibling	2 sibling
user6748	like_general	rain
user6748	have	single bed
user6748	like_general	winter
user6748	have_vehicle	van
user6749	marital_status	married
user6749	have_chidren	children
user6749	have_chidren	4 children
user6749	like_food	ice cream
user6750	other	have never ate candy
user6750	like_general	bartolo colon
user6750	job_status	employed
user6750	have	nickname
user6751	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user6751	has_hobby	running
user6751	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user6751	favorite_sport	basketball
user6751	has_hobby	running
user6752	employed_by_general	cafe
user6752	like_general	books
user6752	have_pet	cat
user6752	like_activity	sewing
user6753	like_activity	watching television
user6753	other	3 allergies
user6753	favorite_music	metal
user6754	live_in_general	island
user6754	have_pet	dog
user6754	has_hobby	boat making
user6754	has_ability	cannibal
user6754	like_activity	fishing
user6755	has_hobby	watching movies
user6755	other	ketogenic
user6755	employed_by_general	circus
user6755	have_pet	2 dog
user6756	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user6756	like_activity	singing
user6756	like_activity	video games
user6756	like_movie	magic mike
user6756	has_profession	teacher
user6757	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user6757	favorite	hero
user6757	dislike	dresses
user6757	favorite_season	summer
user6757	like_animal	butterfly
user6758	have_family	father
user6758	has_ability	to move out
user6758	has_age	32
user6758	has_profession	general
user6759	like_read	<blank>
user6759	like_music	country
user6759	school_status	student
user6759	other	vegan
user6760	attend_school	university
user6760	want_job	teacher
user6760	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user6761	favorite_music_artist	creed
user6761	other	carnivore
user6761	have	welfare
user6762	have	been in two car crashes
user6762	like_drink	water
user6762	like_sports	<blank>
user6762	attend_school	university
user6762	like_activity	watching television
user6763	like_activity	cooking
user6763	gender	female
user6763	like_food	cheese
user6763	like_watching	spongebob
user6763	like_music	frank sinatra
user6764	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user6764	has_profession	party planning
user6765	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user6765	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user6765	favorite_activity	reading
user6765	like_food	spaghetti
user6766	has_profession	accountant
user6766	like_goto	the lake
user6766	have_pet	3 dog
user6766	like_general	blue
user6766	like_read	horror
user6767	like_activity	skateboarding
user6767	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user6767	like_general	<blank>
user6767	own	30 shoes
user6767	have_pet	4 cat
user6768	employed_by_general	<blank>
user6768	dislike	tofu
user6768	have_vehicle	prius
user6769	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user6769	have_vehicle	ford
user6769	physical_attribute	tall
user6769	dislike	country
user6770	other	vegetarian
user6770	like_activity	sleeping
user6771	misc_attribute	lazy
user6771	other	bad luck with relationships
user6771	job_status	employed
user6771	misc_attribute	romantic
user6772	have	boyfriend
user6772	has_profession	waiter
user6772	has_ability	donor
user6772	has_hobby	jogging
user6773	have_chidren	3 children
user6773	own	honda civic
user6773	other	named after my grandmother
user6773	like_activity	walking
user6773	have	friend
user6774	like_animal	dog
user6774	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user6774	like_general	baking
user6774	like_activity	walking
user6775	like_activity	horseback riding
user6775	other	eat less meat than usual
user6775	have	homes
user6775	like_activity	riding
user6776	has_age	20
user6776	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user6776	gender	transfemale
user6776	like_general	blue
user6777	like_activity	painting
user6777	like_food	meat
user6778	like_activity	rock climbing
user6778	misc_attribute	frustrated
user6778	other	mother 2 daughters
user6778	misc_attribute	people person
user6779	has_age	53
user6779	physical_attribute	overweight
user6779	physical_attribute	blonde
user6779	have_chidren	12 kids
user6779	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user6780	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user6780	like_music	classical
user6780	want_job	animator
user6780	has_profession	graphic designer
user6780	has_profession	designer
user6781	like_drink	32 beer
user6781	employed_by_general	brewery
user6781	like_goto	casino
user6781	marital_status	married
user6782	other	hungry
user6782	other	<blank>
user6782	want	corvette
user6782	marital_status	married
user6782	misc_attribute	insecure
user6783	like_animal	dog
user6783	like_general	blue
user6783	gender	female
user6783	like_food	sushi
user6783	own	car
user6784	have	support of my whole family
user6784	has_ability	1 dancing
user6784	want	retire
user6784	has_hobby	ballet
user6785	other	youngest
user6785	like_read	mystery
user6785	attend_school	university
user6785	has_hobby	tennis
user6786	like_activity	playing outside
user6786	have	princess bed
user6786	has_age	4
user6786	have_family	father
user6787	have_pet	parrot
user6787	gender	male
user6787	place_origin	baton rouge
user6787	has_profession	chef
user6788	other	vegan
user6788	place_origin	france
user6788	school_status	student
user6788	favorite_food	taco
user6788	like_activity	drawing
user6789	like_watching	anime
user6789	have_family	parents
user6789	has_hobby	sketching
user6789	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user6790	have_pet	dog
user6790	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user6790	like_food	fish
user6790	like_activity	racing rc cars
user6791	physical_attribute	short
user6791	job_status	seeking employment
user6791	like_general	red
user6791	have_pet	dog
user6792	marital_status	divorced
user6792	own	wear glasses
user6792	have_chidren	0 children
user6792	misc_attribute	shy
user6792	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user6793	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user6793	like_activity	football
user6793	employed_by_general	<blank>
user6793	other	christian
user6794	has_hobby	skiing
user6794	has_ability	ski racer
user6794	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user6795	like_activity	football
user6795	like_drink	beer
user6795	like_general	fun
user6796	want_do	skydiving
user6796	have_pet	reptile
user6796	job_status	internship
user6796	other	character
user6797	school_status	student
user6797	like_goto	nature
user6797	have	debt
user6797	want	move to another country
user6797	like_music	electronic
user6798	previous_profession	farmer
user6798	job_status	unemployed
user6798	want_do	move
user6798	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user6799	misc_attribute	helpful
user6799	live_in_general	city
user6799	like_goto	market
user6799	other	walking
user6800	job_status	unemployed
user6800	like_activity	riding the bus
user6800	has_profession	babysitter
user6800	favorite_color	yellow
user6801	other	vegan
user6801	favorite_color	orange
user6801	favorite	rose
user6801	has_profession	barista
user6801	have_pet	cat
user6802	dislike	kissing
user6802	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user6802	misc_attribute	organized
user6802	misc_attribute	above average
user6803	dislike	spiders
user6803	has_profession	pilot
user6803	have_pet	2 dog
user6803	other	parents in the military
user6804	like_activity	spreading happiness
user6804	has_profession	lifeguard
user6804	like_music	katy perry
user6804	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user6805	favorite_season	winter
user6805	like_goto	walmart
user6805	like_animal	cat
user6805	misc_attribute	excited
user6806	have	broke my arm twice
user6806	marital_status	widow
user6806	misc_attribute	social
user6806	have_sibling	6 sibling
user6807	have_family	3 sister
user6807	has_profession	paramedic
user6807	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user6807	live_in_general	studio apartment
user6808	has_profession	veterinarian
user6808	other	vegetarian
user6808	favorite_music	hip hop
user6808	place_origin	spain
user6808	marital_status	married
user6809	misc_attribute	sheltered
user6809	want_do	raise hell
user6809	attend_school	university
user6809	school_status	student
user6810	like_goto	outdoors
user6810	favorite	pancakes
user6810	marital_status	in a relationship
user6810	has_hobby	biking
user6810	has_hobby	hiking
user6811	marital_status	engaged
user6811	employed_by_general	theater
user6811	like_animal	animals
user6811	like_read	history
user6812	like_music	rock
user6812	favorite_color	green
user6812	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user6812	other	name is gerald
user6813	like_activity	building computers
user6813	has_ability	fly airplane
user6813	attend_school	university
user6813	like_general	tool
user6813	employed_by_general	army
user6814	misc_attribute	responsible
user6814	like_drink	any drinks
user6814	has_hobby	drinking
user6815	own	acara
user6815	favorite_drink	beer coors
user6815	like_sports	basketball
user6816	has_profession	ballerina
user6816	job_status	employed
user6816	favorite_food	hamburgers
user6816	like_watching	comedy
user6817	employed_by_general	hotel
user6817	favorite_music	kpop
user6817	has_hobby	writing
user6817	like_food	junk food
user6818	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user6818	attend_school	local college
user6818	like_music	classic rock
user6818	like_food	vegetarian
user6819	like_activity	skateboarding
user6819	attend_school	high school
user6819	physical_attribute	blonde
user6820	has_ability	2 speak language
user6820	like_music	blues
user6820	other	chinese
user6820	like_general	prince
user6821	other	vegetarian
user6821	like_activity	sewing
user6821	job_status	employed
user6821	employed_by_company	peta
user6821	like_animal	animals
user6822	misc_attribute	confused
user6822	has_profession	banker
user6822	like_activity	hiking
user6822	favorite	iphone
user6822	dislike	traveling
user6823	physical_attribute	average american youth
user6823	dislike	school
user6823	like_activity	walking
user6823	misc_attribute	romantic
user6824	have_vehicle	ford
user6824	attend_school	university
user6824	have	name
user6824	has_age	25
user6825	like_general	colors
user6825	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user6825	want_do	pilot
user6825	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user6825	has_profession	mortician
user6826	like_general	winning
user6826	like_drink	coffee
user6826	like_general	sunny day
user6826	dislike	socializing
user6826	misc_attribute	attentive
user6827	have	birthday in june
user6827	have_pet	cat
user6827	have_family	mother
user6827	favorite_season	summer
user6828	other	name is kevin
user6828	like_activity	working out
user6828	has_ability	play instrument
user6828	want_job	software engineer
user6828	school_status	student
user6829	like_activity	writing
user6829	has_profession	yoga instruction
user6829	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user6829	misc_attribute	healthy
user6830	has_hobby	dancing
user6830	other	terrible speller
user6830	dislike	country
user6830	has_hobby	volunteering
user6831	has_profession	accountant
user6831	favorite	bob ross
user6831	other	vegan
user6831	has_hobby	hiking
user6832	have_pet	dog
user6832	employed_by_general	<blank>
user6832	like_general	suits and ties
user6832	like_music	smooth jazz
user6832	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6833	other	adopted
user6833	have_family	mother
user6833	dislike	future
user6833	have	6 siblings
user6834	has_profession	carpenter
user6834	like_general	red
user6834	have_sibling	sibling
user6834	previous_profession	slave
user6835	other	was on the news
user6835	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user6835	have	passport
user6836	want_do	10 own horses
user6836	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user6836	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user6836	favorite_drink	1 beer
user6836	have	90000 dollars
user6837	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user6837	want	join military when younger
user6837	previous_profession	mechanic
user6837	has_ability	can build computers
user6837	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user6838	place_origin	mexico
user6838	like_activity	walking
user6838	have_pet	2 cat
user6838	like_activity	baking
user6838	previous_profession	chef
user6839	has_hobby	teapots
user6839	employed_by_general	bank
user6839	like_animal	cat
user6839	marital_status	divorced
user6840	physical_attribute	short
user6840	other	gene to detect asparagus
user6840	like_drink	coffee
user6840	have_pet	dog
user6840	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user6841	job_status	employed
user6841	job_status	work all the time
user6841	have_vehicle	car
user6842	want	any car
user6842	have_family	parents
user6842	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user6842	attend_school	in a year
user6842	has_age	18
user6843	has_profession	trainer
user6843	dislike	sleeping in
user6843	has_hobby	writing
user6843	job_status	employed
user6844	like_general	blue
user6844	nationality	british
user6844	have_pet	5 cat
user6845	has_profession	safety patrol
user6845	has_age	10
user6845	like_read	harry potter
user6845	has_hobby	martial arts
user6846	like_sports	football
user6846	favorite_movie	star wars
user6846	have_pet	iguana
user6846	<blank>	<blank>
user6846	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user6847	dislike	job
user6847	want_job	explorer
user6847	like_general	blue
user6847	like_goto	india
user6847	has_profession	athlete
user6848	favorite_music	country
user6848	other	vegan
user6848	like_animal	all animals
user6848	previous_profession	actress
user6848	like_general	my job
user6849	want_job	professional eater
user6849	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user6849	dislike	cleaning
user6849	misc_attribute	depressed
user6850	like_food	honey
user6850	like_general	strangers
user6850	want_do	<blank>
user6850	favorite_animal	monkey
user6851	like_activity	relieving myself
user6851	like_food	ginger snaps
user6851	has_hobby	hiking
user6851	have_vehicle	prius
user6851	like_general	canadian women
user6852	has_hobby	traveling
user6852	has_profession	truck driver
user6852	has_age	43
user6852	physical_attribute	tattooed
user6853	marital_status	married
user6853	misc_attribute	1 religious
user6853	gender	male
user6853	has_hobby	traveling
user6854	other	vegetarian
user6854	like_food	meat
user6854	like_food	pork
user6854	have	house
user6855	like_music	adam levine
user6855	want_do	photography
user6855	want_job	photographer
user6855	like_activity	photography
user6855	marital_status	widow
user6856	like_general	my work
user6856	like_music	classical
user6856	employed_by_general	<blank>
user6856	like_sports	golf
user6857	own	2 hoop earrings
user6857	like_general	the nighttime
user6857	has_profession	artist
user6857	have_pet	named charlie
user6858	like_activity	shopping
user6858	has_profession	blogger
user6858	have_chidren	children
user6858	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user6859	live_in_general	rural
user6859	favorite_activity	robotics
user6859	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user6859	other	conservative
user6859	employed_by_company	amazon
user6860	has_profession	finance
user6860	like_music	rap
user6860	own	black car
user6860	like_food	meat
user6860	favorite_food	steak
user6861	has_hobby	writing
user6861	have	blogs to share stuff on
user6861	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user6861	have	thoughts
user6861	like_activity	reading
user6862	attend_school	university
user6862	employed_by_general	bank
user6862	place_origin	upstate
user6862	live_in_general	city
user6863	other	mother
user6863	have_pet	2 dog
user6863	has_profession	teacher
user6863	have_chidren	2 children
user6864	like_music	0 toto
user6864	have_pet	dog
user6864	like_food	meatloaf
user6864	have_vehicle	car
user6865	favorite	eat at restaurant
user6865	like_general	having my back scratched
user6865	have	1 shoes
user6866	like_general	books
user6866	have_pet	cat
user6866	employed_by_general	cafe
user6867	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user6867	own	universe
user6867	has_profession	dental assistant
user6867	like_activity	clubbing
user6868	like_activity	shopping
user6868	have	phone
user6868	like_music	perfect playlist
user6868	like_general	the night
user6869	misc_attribute	simple
user6869	like_activity	fishing
user6869	has_hobby	drink beers
user6869	like_activity	fishing
user6870	dislike	math
user6870	attend_school	university
user6870	favorite_hobby	dancing
user6870	have_vehicle	lexus
user6870	have_pet	dog
user6871	have_pet	dog
user6871	like_sports	soccer
user6871	favorite	school subject
user6871	have_sibling	sister
user6871	like_read	pride and prejudice
user6872	other	christian
user6872	like_activity	football
user6872	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user6873	like_goto	restaurant
user6873	like_activity	cooking
user6873	like_music	drake
user6873	like_music	rap
user6873	has_ability	play instrument
user6874	like_animal	dog
user6874	have_pet	2 dog
user6874	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user6874	have_pet	2 dog
user6875	other	carnivore
user6875	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user6875	favorite_movie	good burger
user6875	like_activity	whittling
user6876	have_chidren	4 children
user6876	marital_status	married
user6876	like_food	ice cream
user6876	have_chidren	children
user6877	marital_status	married
user6877	dislike	friend group
user6877	has_ability	feeling lost
user6877	have_chidren	2 son
user6878	other	name is mary
user6878	has_profession	receptionist
user6878	school_status	student
user6878	has_profession	receptionist
user6878	school_status	student
user6879	like_activity	survivalism
user6879	like_general	family and fun
user6879	other	free spirit
user6879	dislike	working
user6880	like_animal	fish
user6880	have_chidren	5 children
user6880	school_status	student
user6880	employed_by_company	computer company
user6881	attend_school	high school
user6881	other	no accent
user6881	attend_school	university
user6881	own	motorcycle
user6882	attend_school	high school
user6882	attend_school	university
user6882	has_hobby	dancing
user6883	marital_status	divorced
user6883	has_hobby	writing
user6883	want	corvette
user6883	like_animal	dog
user6884	have_pet	1 dog
user6884	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user6884	have_vehicle	car
user6884	like_sports	surfing
user6885	has_ability	driving
user6885	place_origin	virginia
user6885	has_profession	truck driver
user6886	like_general	my image
user6886	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user6886	want	mom was healthier
user6886	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user6886	want	to go to another school
user6887	employed_by_general	cafe
user6887	like_general	books
user6888	have_pet	dog
user6888	like_general	red
user6888	school_status	student
user6888	have_family	only child
user6889	like_food	beef
user6889	has_hobby	horseback riding
user6889	like_general	boots
user6889	have	many girlfriends
user6890	favorite	toyota cars
user6890	want	truck
user6890	employed_by_general	hospital
user6890	dislike	overtime
user6890	like_general	vote
user6891	physical_attribute	handicapped
user6891	has_hobby	driving
user6891	have	friends
user6891	other	am blind
user6892	like_music	<blank>
user6892	like_goto	places
user6892	attend_school	princeton
user6892	favorite_activity	museums
user6892	like_watching	the voice
user6893	have_chidren	1 son
user6893	have	seashells
user6893	like_general	horses
user6893	has_profession	yoga instruction
user6894	like_food	sweets
user6894	misc_attribute	careful
user6894	misc_attribute	unsociable
user6894	gender	male
user6894	other	jack of all trades
user6895	like_general	people
user6895	like_general	technology
user6895	has_hobby	diving
user6895	want	immortality
user6896	dislike	country and jazz music
user6896	has_hobby	working out
user6896	favorite_food	italian
user6896	favorite_book	middlesex
user6897	have_chidren	2 children
user6897	have	vacation home
user6897	has_degree	law
user6897	have_vehicle	suv
user6897	have_pet	3 dog
user6898	like_general	cardigans
user6898	have_family	step dad
user6898	dislike	dad
user6898	misc_attribute	unsure
user6898	have	last name is spanish
user6899	has_profession	make robots
user6899	like_food	chinese
user6899	like_general	going to bed late
user6899	marital_status	single
user6899	have	bas social life
user6900	have_family	children
user6900	like_activity	driving
user6900	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6900	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user6900	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user6901	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user6901	like_watching	surgery
user6901	like_activity	traveling
user6901	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user6902	like_watching	anime
user6902	like_general	my little pony
user6902	like_activity	being weird
user6902	like_animal	cat
user6903	has_hobby	soap making
user6903	has_ability	composting
user6903	favorite_food	fruit
user6903	<blank>	<blank>
user6904	dislike	<blank>
user6904	dislike	feeling controlled
user6904	misc_attribute	critic
user6905	like_activity	walking
user6905	has_profession	teacher
user6905	want_do	travel
user6906	has_profession	teacher
user6906	like_music	country
user6906	has_profession	writer
user6907	has_ability	film making
user6907	like_activity	reenactment
user6907	has_hobby	travel
user6908	physical_attribute	colorblind
user6908	has_age	30
user6908	other	volunteer firefighter.
user6909	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user6909	school_status	graduate student
user6909	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user6909	like_read	crime
user6910	has_profession	musician
user6910	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user6910	job_status	employed
user6911	like_activity	reading
user6911	like_activity	reading
user6911	school_status	dropped out
user6911	has_ability	read
user6912	favorite_food	steak
user6912	have	a beer
user6912	like_sports	football
user6912	has_profession	roofer
user6912	have_vehicle	truck
user6913	want_job	veterinarian
user6913	other	dieting
user6913	have_pet	3 pets
user6913	like_animal	<blank>
user6913	like_goto	gym
user6914	like_food	apple
user6914	like_food	fruit
user6914	like_food	apple
user6914	dislike	meat
user6914	favorite_food	apple
user6915	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user6915	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user6915	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user6915	like_general	going to bed late
user6916	favorite_sport	football
user6916	job_status	volunteer
user6916	like_activity	traveling
user6916	previous_profession	veteran
user6917	has_hobby	running
user6917	job_status	seeking employment
user6917	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user6917	want_do	own a restaurant
user6918	other	am a widow
user6918	like_drink	coffee
user6918	favorite_activity	gardening
user6918	has_age	77
user6919	own	cds
user6919	like_general	furniture
user6919	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user6919	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user6919	has_ability	play instrument
user6920	physical_attribute	brunette
user6920	member_of	other club
user6920	has_age	21
user6920	like_goto	outdoors
user6920	live_in_general	ranch
user6921	misc_attribute	bizarre
user6921	physical_attribute	tall
user6921	physical_attribute	purple hair
user6922	like_goto	beeach
user6922	have_pet	dog
user6922	like_activity	cycling
user6922	previous_profession	technician
user6922	like_general	job
user6923	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user6923	physical_attribute	overweight
user6923	has_age	53
user6923	have_chidren	12 kids
user6923	physical_attribute	blonde
user6924	have	survived
user6924	like_activity	driving
user6924	like_read	<blank>
user6924	physical_attribute	tall
user6925	has_age	9
user6925	physical_attribute	buff
user6925	physical_attribute	tall
user6925	like_activity	running
user6925	dislike	vegetables
user6926	like_general	the nighttime
user6926	has_profession	artist
user6926	own	2 hoop earrings
user6926	have_pet	named charlie
user6927	favorite_activity	cooking
user6927	like_activity	singing
user6927	like_activity	running
user6927	own	trophies
user6928	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user6928	has_ability	bird calls
user6928	has_hobby	volunteering
user6928	other	partially blind
user6929	employed_by_company	navy
user6929	physical_attribute	tall
user6929	favorite_show	the voice
user6929	like_read	<blank>
user6929	like_sports	swimming
user6930	previous_profession	lawyer
user6930	want_job	in the federal court
user6930	misc_attribute	fair
user6930	has_profession	judge
user6930	other	albert
user6931	other	vegan
user6931	like_animal	animals
user6931	has_hobby	walking
user6931	have_chidren	1 son
user6932	like_general	fashion
user6932	like_activity	shopping
user6932	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user6932	like_general	fashion designers
user6933	favorite_place	florida
user6933	like_activity	skiing
user6933	has_hobby	singing
user6933	favorite_color	yellow
user6934	have_sibling	brother
user6934	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user6934	has_ability	play instrument
user6934	other	omar
user6934	dislike	city
user6935	like_activity	shopping
user6935	gender	female
user6935	have	never
user6935	like_activity	dancing
user6935	want_do	go to europe
user6936	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user6936	physical_attribute	red hair
user6936	job_status	unemployed
user6936	has_hobby	dancing
user6937	like_activity	go to lake
user6937	misc_attribute	happy
user6937	like_activity	walking
user6937	has_hobby	knitting
user6937	like_music	<blank>
user6938	physical_attribute	athletic
user6938	have	friends
user6938	misc_attribute	distrustful
user6938	want	responsible
user6938	school_status	student
user6939	favorite_place	disney world
user6939	like_read	crime
user6939	has_profession	receptionist
user6939	have_pet	2 dog
user6939	like_general	brothers
user6940	attend_school	graduate school
user6940	attend_school	university
user6940	has_hobby	tennis
user6940	like_read	mystery
user6940	other	youngest
user6941	other	orphan
user6941	has_degree	communications
user6941	employed_by_general	navy
user6941	like_music	folk
user6942	want_job	curator
user6942	has_hobby	painting
user6942	have	been to new york city
user6942	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user6943	like_music	classic rock
user6943	has_hobby	watching television
user6943	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user6943	attend_school	local college
user6944	want_do	schooling
user6944	like_watching	netflix
user6944	want_do	learning
user6944	want_do	<blank>
user6944	have_sibling	sister
user6945	misc_attribute	family attention
user6945	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user6945	like_activity	video games
user6945	have_pet	2 cat
user6946	live_in_general	with parents
user6946	like_food	take out
user6946	dislike	job
user6946	has_hobby	video games
user6947	have	a significant other
user6947	employed_by_general	daycare
user6947	attend_school	university
user6947	school_status	major in business administration
user6948	like_general	red
user6948	has_hobby	water sports
user6948	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user6948	physical_attribute	tall
user6949	favorite_sport	rugby
user6949	has_hobby	working out
user6949	like_watching	sport
user6949	like_activity	flying kites
user6949	own	car
user6950	has_profession	veterinarian
user6950	have_pet	3 dog
user6950	has_age	30
user6950	like_sports	cycling
user6950	other	vegan
user6951	has_ability	play instrument
user6951	have_sibling	2 brother
user6951	place_origin	chicago
user6952	misc_attribute	organized
user6952	like_activity	gossiping
user6952	dislike	kissing
user6952	misc_attribute	above average
user6953	have_vehicle	sports car
user6953	like_general	cher
user6953	like_general	purple
user6953	marital_status	single
user6953	have	no money
user6954	misc_attribute	quick
user6954	like_general	food trucks
user6954	have_sibling	brother
user6954	own	car
user6954	physical_attribute	not a blond
user6955	like_activity	spending time with family
user6955	favorite	truck
user6955	dislike	vegetables
user6955	has_hobby	running
user6955	favorite_place	american eagle
user6956	has_hobby	traveling
user6956	like_animal	dog
user6956	like_food	pizza
user6956	has_hobby	cooking
user6957	like_sports	surfing
user6957	has_profession	reality tv star
user6957	like_music	country
user6957	previous_profession	clown
user6958	want	to be something else
user6958	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user6958	has_ability	speak language
user6958	physical_attribute	6 tall
user6959	has_profession	waitress
user6959	dislike	fashion
user6959	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user6959	misc_attribute	am happy
user6960	favorite_food	pizza
user6960	marital_status	single
user6960	favorite_hobby	reading
user6961	job_status	seeking employment
user6961	like_music	yo gotti
user6961	misc_attribute	motivated
user6961	like_watching	drama
user6962	like_general	grateful dead
user6962	has_profession	cook
user6962	have	terrible singing voice
user6962	has_hobby	hiking
user6962	has_hobby	writing
user6963	misc_attribute	helpful
user6963	want_do	skydiving
user6963	have_sibling	twin brother
user6963	like_activity	gardening
user6964	other	<blank>
user6964	want_job	superhero
user6964	favorite	superman
user6964	has_age	8
user6965	has_ability	sleeping
user6965	like_sports	sports
user6965	want_job	dentist
user6965	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user6965	favorite	raptors
user6966	have	beard
user6966	like_activity	fashion
user6966	has_profession	attorney
user6966	like_watching	comedy
user6967	job_status	seeking employment
user6967	has_degree	graduate
user6967	has_profession	small business owner
user6967	own	miscelaneous stuff
user6968	has_profession	musician
user6968	have_pet	koi
user6968	has_ability	play instrument
user6968	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user6968	has_hobby	gardening
user6969	like_goto	comic-con
user6969	like_music	techno
user6969	own	band tees
user6970	like_activity	dance
user6970	physical_attribute	asthma
user6970	like_activity	running
user6970	physical_attribute	tall
user6971	have_chidren	children
user6971	like_activity	cooking
user6971	has_hobby	gardening
user6971	have_pet	cat
user6971	live_in_general	small city
user6972	has_ability	cook
user6972	has_ability	play instrument
user6972	has_profession	at bar
user6972	like_activity	surfing
user6972	like_music	country
user6973	has_degree	education
user6973	job_status	employed
user6973	like_general	children
user6973	job_status	employed
user6974	job_status	employed
user6974	has_profession	waiter
user6974	want_job	doctor
user6975	favorite_book	david copperfield
user6975	have_sibling	twin brother
user6975	has_hobby	tap dancing
user6975	has_hobby	baking
user6975	physical_attribute	short
user6976	have_pet	5 cat
user6976	like_general	blue
user6976	nationality	british
user6977	has_hobby	tennis
user6977	has_profession	baker
user6977	favorite_show	silicon valley
user6977	have_sibling	2 sister
user6978	have_pet	dog
user6978	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user6978	like_food	beef
user6978	like_activity	video games
user6978	other	<blank>
user6979	school_status	major in business administration
user6979	employed_by_general	daycare
user6979	attend_school	university
user6980	employed_by_general	bank
user6980	marital_status	divorced
user6980	like_animal	cat
user6980	has_hobby	teapots
user6981	previous_profession	farmer
user6981	want_do	move
user6981	like_watching	reality tv
user6981	previous_profession	farmer
user6981	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user6982	like_activity	traveling
user6982	like_music	van halen
user6982	want_job	doctor
user6982	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user6983	like_general	things
user6983	like_general	dolls
user6983	like_general	antiques
user6983	misc_attribute	romantic
user6983	like_music	jazz
user6984	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user6984	like_read	<blank>
user6985	has_age	21
user6985	have_chidren	3 children
user6985	have_chidren	twins
user6985	physical_attribute	sick
user6986	attend_school	university
user6986	like_activity	shopping
user6986	want_job	nurse
user6987	physical_attribute	tattooed
user6987	has_hobby	traveling
user6987	has_profession	truck driver
user6987	has_age	43
user6987	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user6988	misc_attribute	religious
user6988	has_profession	teacher
user6988	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user6988	has_hobby	singing
user6989	like_activity	painting
user6989	like_food	pizza
user6989	favorite_music_artist	ween
user6989	gender	male
user6989	like_activity	gardening
user6990	previous_profession	veteran
user6990	like_activity	traveling
user6990	marital_status	20 married
user6990	job_status	volunteer
user6990	favorite_sport	football
user6991	want	monogomy
user6991	marital_status	single
user6991	job_status	employed
user6991	like_goto	library
user6992	other	has not gone home recently
user6992	has_profession	programmer
user6992	has_hobby	traveling
user6992	has_ability	3 speak language
user6992	other	traveling to japan
user6993	like_goto	restaurant
user6993	like_music	rap
user6993	has_ability	play instrument
user6993	like_music	drake
user6993	like_activity	cooking
user6994	marital_status	married
user6994	employed_by_company	army rangers
user6994	like_general	deployment
user6994	want_job	army
user6995	have_chidren	children
user6995	have_chidren	4 children
user6995	has_age	50
user6995	like_food	ice cream
user6996	like_food	pizza
user6996	like_goto	beach
user6996	like_read	mystery
user6997	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user6997	job_status	employed
user6997	favorite_show	game of thrones
user6997	like_activity	cosplay
user6997	like_activity	watching television
user6998	marital_status	engaged
user6998	marital_status	engaged
user6999	like_activity	reading
user6999	like_watching	tv
user6999	like_activity	reading
user6999	favorite_book	harry potter books
user7000	like_goto	festivals
user7000	employed_by_company	online
user7000	like_food	meat
user7000	like_music	the story so far
user7001	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user7001	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user7001	favorite_activity	reading
user7001	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user7002	like_general	scratching
user7002	like_activity	reading
user7002	favorite	number is 7
user7002	other	deaf man
user7002	dislike	driving
user7003	like_food	ice cream
user7003	has_age	50
user7003	have_chidren	children
user7003	have_chidren	4 children
user7004	like_activity	relieving myself
user7004	has_hobby	hiking
user7004	like_general	canadian women
user7004	like_food	ginger snaps
user7005	like_goto	"farmers market"
user7005	employed_by_general	university
user7005	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user7005	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user7006	live_in_general	los angeles
user7006	want_job	actor
user7006	has_ability	speak language
user7006	have_pet	1 dog
user7007	other	saw a solar eclipse
user7007	has_profession	security guard
user7007	has_hobby	chess
user7007	has_hobby	walking
user7008	has_hobby	cooking
user7008	school_status	graduate student
user7008	like_goto	beach
user7008	other	am the best aunt
user7009	like_activity	cooking
user7009	marital_status	married
user7009	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7009	has_ability	speak language
user7010	like_music	rap
user7010	like_music	drake
user7010	like_activity	cooking
user7010	has_ability	play instrument
user7010	like_goto	restaurant
user7011	have_vehicle	toyota
user7011	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user7011	like_drink	pepsi
user7011	favorite	superman
user7012	employed_by_company	del taco
user7012	has_ability	fall up stairs
user7012	like_food	french fries
user7012	have_vehicle	bicycle
user7013	want_job	professional eater
user7013	misc_attribute	depressed
user7013	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user7013	dislike	cleaning
user7014	favorite_color	green
user7014	want_job	singer
user7014	like_sports	tennis
user7014	like_animal	animals
user7015	favorite_season	summer
user7015	like_animal	butterfly
user7015	dislike	dresses
user7015	favorite	hero
user7016	like_music	jazz
user7016	have_pet	3 dog
user7016	like_general	my family
user7016	like_activity	bingo
user7017	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user7017	dislike	heights
user7017	have_chidren	partner
user7017	favorite	superman
user7018	want	go to mars
user7018	has_hobby	art
user7018	has_profession	scientist
user7018	has_hobby	martial arts
user7018	have_chidren	3 children
user7019	have	survived
user7019	like_activity	driving
user7019	physical_attribute	tall
user7020	attend_school	high school
user7020	favorite	math
user7020	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7020	gender	male
user7021	have	condition
user7021	dislike	spider
user7021	favorite_activity	pray
user7021	has_ability	left sock first.
user7022	has_profession	engineer
user7022	has_hobby	traveling
user7022	like_activity	dancing
user7022	has_profession	technician
user7023	<blank>	travel
user7023	like_activity	travel
user7024	like_food	taco
user7024	like_activity	swimming
user7024	favorite_color	orange
user7024	has_profession	secretary
user7024	have_pet	3 cat
user7025	other	poor
user7025	like_animal	dog
user7025	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user7025	have_pet	3 iguana
user7025	have_sibling	brother
user7026	want_job	journalist
user7026	like_read	fantasy
user7026	has_ability	sorting books
user7026	attend_school	university
user7027	have	welfare
user7027	favorite_music_artist	creed
user7027	other	carnivore
user7028	like_read	history
user7028	like_activity	dance
user7028	place_origin	new hampshire
user7028	like_food	mexican cuisine
user7029	like_activity	surfing
user7029	want_do	go to college
user7029	like_general	snow
user7029	employed_by_general	hotel
user7030	gender	female
user7030	have	laugh
user7030	employed_by_general	publishing building
user7030	marital_status	single
user7030	like_activity	cooking
user7031	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user7031	have_pet	3 dog
user7031	own	farm
user7031	live_in_general	wife and kids
user7031	gender	male
user7032	misc_attribute	funny
user7032	have_vehicle	honda
user7032	have_pet	3 cat
user7032	has_profession	package delivery
user7032	like_food	candy
user7033	misc_attribute	sheltered
user7033	attend_school	university
user7033	school_status	student
user7033	has_age	17
user7033	want_do	raise hell
user7034	has_hobby	hiking
user7034	favorite	bob ross
user7034	other	vegan
user7034	has_profession	accountant
user7035	like_general	furniture
user7035	own	cds
user7035	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user7035	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user7035	has_ability	play instrument
user7036	like_food	gummy bears
user7036	have	3 roommate
user7036	other	lactose intolerant
user7036	have_pet	parakeet
user7036	favorite_color	orange
user7037	like_food	meat
user7037	have	house
user7037	other	vegetarian
user7037	misc_attribute	lazy
user7038	like_watching	anime
user7038	has_hobby	sketching
user7038	has_hobby	video games
user7038	other	gay
user7038	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user7039	like_activity	racing rc cars
user7039	have_pet	dog
user7039	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user7039	like_activity	video games
user7039	like_food	fish
user7040	place_origin	baltimore
user7040	has_profession	0 clerk
user7040	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user7040	physical_attribute	thin
user7041	have	boots
user7041	favorite_season	spring
user7041	dislike	losing
user7042	place_origin	farm
user7042	like_goto	rock concerts
user7042	like_activity	with friends
user7042	other	carnivore
user7043	have_pet	2 dog
user7043	favorite_color	red
user7043	other	wild child
user7043	like_general	place
user7043	want_do	travel
user7044	other	friends.
user7044	have_chidren	2 son
user7044	has_ability	feeling lost
user7044	has_hobby	basketball
user7045	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user7045	teach	children
user7045	other	vegan
user7045	member_of	church
user7046	like_music	the beatles
user7046	has_hobby	gymnastics
user7046	physical_attribute	tall
user7046	has_profession	scientist
user7047	like_activity	football
user7047	like_general	fun
user7048	have_pet	dog
user7048	like_activity	hiking
user7048	has_profession	advertising executive
user7049	like_food	indian cuisine
user7049	want	to adopt a dog
user7049	has_ability	play instrument
user7049	has_hobby	play
user7050	have_sibling	2 brother
user7050	like_activity	photography
user7050	like_general	blue
user7050	school_status	student
user7051	has_hobby	yoga
user7051	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7051	like_goto	italy
user7051	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user7051	like_food	italian cuisine
user7052	like_activity	crocheting
user7052	has_hobby	singing
user7052	other	am allergic to apples
user7052	has_profession	coach
user7052	has_profession	teacher
user7053	like_sports	basketball
user7053	have_family	grandfather
user7053	have_pet	cat
user7054	like_sports	basketball
user7054	has_profession	car sales
user7054	favorite_drink	beer coors
user7054	own	acara
user7055	misc_attribute	unsure
user7055	like_general	cardigans
user7055	dislike	dad
user7055	have	last name is spanish
user7055	have_family	step dad
user7056	employed_by_general	grocery store
user7056	like_drink	soda
user7056	employed_by_general	club
user7056	favorite_show	scooby doo
user7056	has_hobby	drawing
user7057	own	farm
user7057	live_in_general	wife and kids
user7057	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user7057	have_pet	3 dog
user7057	gender	male
user7058	school_status	student
user7058	have_pet	cat
user7058	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user7058	favorite	rose
user7058	has_age	21
user7059	like_sports	football
user7059	like_general	baltimore ravens
user7059	has_profession	athlete
user7059	has_hobby	football
user7059	has_hobby	football
user7060	like_sports	steelers
user7060	like_goto	broadway shows
user7060	attend_school	university
user7060	has_hobby	traveling
user7061	like_activity	reading
user7061	has_ability	sing many songs
user7061	like_music	the lumineers
user7061	misc_attribute	happy
user7062	like_general	snow
user7062	want_do	go to college
user7062	employed_by_general	hotel
user7062	like_activity	surfing
user7063	want_job	journalist
user7063	like_read	fantasy
user7063	has_ability	sorting books
user7064	like_sports	football
user7064	school_status	student
user7064	place_origin	new york
user7064	school_status	student
user7064	want_job	teacher
user7065	misc_attribute	simple
user7065	like_activity	fishing
user7065	like_activity	fishing
user7065	has_hobby	drink beers
user7066	like_food	meat
user7066	previous_profession	factory worker
user7066	previous_profession	musician
user7066	employed_by_general	online
user7066	like_music	the story so far
user7067	own	wear glasses
user7067	has_profession	1 librarian
user7067	have_chidren	0 children
user7067	marital_status	divorced
user7067	misc_attribute	shy
user7068	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7068	have_pet	cat
user7068	like_activity	cooking
user7068	previous_profession	nurse
user7069	have_pet	2 dog
user7069	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user7069	has_profession	farmer
user7069	favorite_music	rock
user7069	want	travel
user7070	has_profession	pediatrician
user7070	misc_attribute	family man
user7070	marital_status	married
user7070	like_activity	bowling
user7071	like_food	sugar
user7071	want_do	eating
user7071	like_sports	hockey
user7071	other	am caucasian
user7072	favorite	daisy
user7072	marital_status	dating
user7072	employed_by_general	real estate
user7072	has_age	20
user7072	like_activity	singing
user7073	previous_profession	farmer
user7073	want_do	move
user7073	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user7073	like_watching	reality tv
user7074	physical_attribute	blonde
user7074	like_activity	skateboarding
user7074	attend_school	high school
user7074	gender	female
user7075	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user7075	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user7075	misc_attribute	slow
user7075	job_status	employed
user7075	want	vacation
user7076	employed_by_company	military
user7076	like_activity	traveling
user7076	like_general	explosions
user7076	like_animal	cat
user7076	like_food	brownies
user7077	has_hobby	camping
user7077	have_chidren	2 son
user7077	like_activity	horseback riding
user7077	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user7078	dislike	subtitles
user7078	want_do	save money
user7078	like_watching	anime
user7078	has_ability	speak language
user7079	place_origin	new hampshire
user7079	like_activity	dance
user7079	like_food	mexican cuisine
user7079	like_read	history
user7079	has_profession	teacher
user7080	has_hobby	traveling
user7080	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user7080	has_profession	truck driver
user7080	has_age	43
user7081	school_status	graduate student
user7081	has_profession	volunteering
user7081	school_status	student
user7081	misc_attribute	always early
user7082	attend_school	local college
user7082	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user7082	like_music	classic rock
user7082	like_food	vegetarian
user7083	like_read	<blank>
user7083	employed_by_general	hospital
user7083	has_profession	nurse
user7083	marital_status	divorced
user7083	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user7084	have	scholarship
user7084	have_vehicle	car
user7084	want_do	major in business
user7084	has_age	18
user7084	school_status	graduated
user7085	physical_attribute	olive
user7085	own	purse
user7085	have	green eyes
user7085	want_job	librarian
user7086	like_general	saving money
user7086	has_hobby	couponing
user7086	misc_attribute	organized
user7086	want_job	artist
user7086	like_activity	shopping
user7087	have_pet	skunk
user7087	has_degree	masters
user7087	have	green nails
user7088	marital_status	divorced
user7088	attend_school	graduate school
user7088	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user7088	other	hindu
user7089	other	dieting
user7089	want	to become male model
user7089	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user7089	like_music	classical
user7089	other	had cancer
user7090	has_degree	business
user7090	like_sports	playing
user7090	attend_school	university
user7091	employed_by_general	library
user7091	other	commutes
user7091	school_status	student
user7091	have	2 science classes
user7092	like_general	natural world beauty
user7092	like_read	fantasy
user7092	like_activity	hiking
user7093	dislike	fish
user7093	like_activity	painting
user7093	other	vegan
user7093	have_pet	23 cat
user7094	like_activity	travel
user7094	<blank>	travel
user7095	favorite_show	game of thrones
user7095	like_activity	watching television
user7095	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user7095	job_status	employed
user7095	like_activity	cosplay
user7096	has_hobby	pet
user7096	physical_attribute	short
user7096	school_status	student
user7096	want	porsche
user7097	live_in_general	condo
user7097	other	recovering alcoholic
user7097	previous_profession	reporter
user7097	have	large mustache
user7098	dislike	skiing
user7098	have	6 toes
user7098	have	glasses
user7098	like_read	twilight
user7099	like_animal	animals
user7099	like_sports	tennis
user7099	want_job	singer
user7099	favorite_color	green
user7100	like_activity	working out
user7100	like_activity	walking
user7100	like_animal	animals
user7100	like_activity	watching
user7101	like_movie	shows
user7101	like_activity	hiking
user7101	like_food	burrito
user7101	have_family	mother
user7102	have_pet	2 dog
user7102	other	ketogenic
user7102	like_movie	<blank>
user7103	has_hobby	traveling
user7103	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user7103	has_age	43
user7103	has_profession	truck driver
user7103	physical_attribute	tattooed
user7104	has_hobby	running
user7104	job_status	seeking employment
user7104	want_do	own a restaurant
user7104	has_profession	cook
user7104	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user7105	favorite	costco
user7105	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user7105	has_profession	salesman
user7105	misc_attribute	shy
user7105	has_hobby	cloud watching
user7106	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user7106	job_status	employed
user7106	want_job	musician
user7106	has_profession	factory worker
user7107	want_do	retire
user7107	have_family	wife
user7107	have_chidren	children
user7107	previous_profession	actor
user7107	has_profession	baker
user7108	have_family	mother
user7108	has_profession	construction worker
user7108	attend_school	welding
user7108	<blank>	<blank>
user7109	like_activity	drawing
user7109	place_origin	france
user7109	favorite_food	taco
user7109	school_status	student
user7109	other	vegan
user7110	has_profession	teacher
user7110	like_activity	reading
user7110	favorite_place	beach
user7110	marital_status	married
user7111	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user7111	has_profession	sales
user7111	like_activity	making clients happy
user7111	misc_attribute	make things right
user7112	own	0 television
user7112	like_read	<blank>
user7112	has_profession	teacher
user7113	has_hobby	driving
user7113	have	10 tattoos
user7113	has_age	adult
user7113	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user7113	member_of	hobby club
user7114	dislike	clowns
user7114	have	2 roommate
user7114	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user7114	have_pet	2 dog
user7115	school_status	student
user7115	like_general	blue
user7115	marital_status	married
user7115	job_status	employed
user7115	like_goto	beach
user7116	physical_attribute	short
user7116	have_sibling	4 sibling
user7117	have_chidren	2 children
user7117	have	vacation home
user7117	has_degree	law
user7117	have_vehicle	suv
user7118	want_do	move
user7118	has_hobby	hiking
user7118	have_pet	2 dog
user7118	has_ability	speak language
user7119	own	5 pairs of same pants
user7119	have	photo
user7119	have_sibling	sister
user7119	dislike	waiting in line
user7120	have_sibling	1 sister
user7120	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user7120	like_activity	travel
user7120	place_origin	san francisco
user7121	own	band tees
user7121	like_general	anime
user7121	like_goto	comic-con
user7121	like_music	techno
user7122	physical_attribute	brunette
user7122	like_watching	youtube
user7122	like_activity	sleeping
user7122	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user7123	favorite	holiday is halloween
user7123	own	bike
user7123	have_pet	dog
user7123	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user7124	<blank>	<blank>
user7124	job_status	employed
user7124	has_profession	musician
user7124	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user7125	other	vegetarian
user7125	has_hobby	reading
user7125	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user7125	like_animal	cat
user7125	employed_by_general	flower shop
user7126	misc_attribute	lazy
user7126	dislike	over eating
user7126	dislike	paying bills
user7126	have_pet	1 dog
user7126	misc_attribute	dull
user7127	job_status	employed
user7127	employed_by_company	peta
user7127	like_animal	animals
user7127	like_activity	sewing
user7128	has_profession	cleaner
user7128	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user7128	marital_status	married
user7128	like_activity	cooking
user7129	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user7129	like_activity	beadworking
user7129	have	fibromyalgia
user7129	place_origin	farm
user7130	own	casino
user7130	has_profession	president
user7130	other	rich
user7130	other	bankrupt
user7130	previous_profession	casino owner
user7131	other	youngest
user7131	school_status	student
user7131	have_sibling	2 brother
user7131	like_general	blue
user7131	like_activity	photography
user7132	other	am diabetic
user7132	has_hobby	listens
user7132	dislike	traffic
user7132	have_vehicle	<blank>
user7132	like_read	<blank>
user7133	like_sports	surfing
user7133	previous_profession	clown
user7133	like_music	country
user7134	attend_school	elementary school
user7134	like_music	one direction
user7134	favorite_food	spaghetti
user7134	want_job	athlete
user7135	like_food	pretzels
user7135	like_music	vnv nation
user7135	like_watching	science fiction
user7135	employed_by_general	railroad
user7136	misc_attribute	happy
user7136	like_activity	walking
user7136	like_music	<blank>
user7136	like_activity	go to lake
user7136	has_hobby	knitting
user7137	own	house
user7137	like_general	blue
user7137	job_status	employed
user7137	have_vehicle	car
user7137	like_activity	drawing and painting
user7138	want_job	smithsonian
user7138	misc_attribute	risky
user7138	dislike	winter
user7138	favorite_show	csi
user7139	other	birth date
user7139	attend_school	law school
user7139	has_ability	baking
user7140	misc_attribute	depressed
user7140	want_job	professional eater
user7140	dislike	cleaning
user7140	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user7141	has_age	30
user7141	has_ability	security guard
user7141	have_pet	2 dog
user7141	job_status	employed
user7141	marital_status	single
user7142	have_pet	iguana
user7142	like_sports	football
user7142	<blank>	<blank>
user7142	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user7142	favorite_movie	star wars
user7143	have_pet	doberman
user7143	has_age	25
user7143	gender	male
user7144	favorite_show	silicon valley
user7144	has_profession	baker
user7144	have_sibling	2 sister
user7145	favorite_movie	titanic
user7145	employed_by_company	aldi
user7145	have_chidren	2 children
user7145	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user7146	have_pet	3 dog
user7146	have_chidren	2 children
user7146	have_vehicle	suv
user7146	have	vacation home
user7146	has_degree	law
user7147	favorite	mike trout
user7147	has_hobby	baseball
user7147	has_age	19
user7147	like_sports	baseball
user7147	has_hobby	baseball
user7148	has_ability	play instrument
user7148	has_ability	play instrument
user7148	have_pet	1 dog
user7149	has_hobby	donating clothes
user7149	member_of	hobby club
user7149	has_profession	poet
user7149	have_pet	fish
user7150	like_activity	cooking
user7150	has_hobby	volunteer
user7150	has_profession	9 to 5
user7150	want_job	baker
user7151	has_ability	sleep
user7151	favorite_activity	computer time
user7151	want_do	texting
user7152	own	personal religion
user7152	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user7152	other	believe in ghosts
user7152	have_pet	4 dog
user7153	dislike	country
user7153	other	terrible speller
user7153	physical_attribute	blonde
user7153	has_hobby	dancing
user7153	has_hobby	volunteering
user7154	like_animal	dragon
user7154	like_general	sunshine
user7154	have_family	grandchild
user7154	has_hobby	driving
user7154	misc_attribute	confused
user7155	like_activity	walking
user7155	have_pet	2 dog
user7155	like_general	<blank>
user7155	job_status	employed
user7155	like_goto	movie theater
user7156	like_animal	dog
user7156	misc_attribute	happy
user7156	like_activity	cooking
user7156	<blank>	<blank>
user7157	like_goto	mcdonald
user7157	has_profession	retailer
user7157	have	friends
user7157	want	love
user7158	like_general	anime
user7158	like_goto	comic-con
user7158	like_music	techno
user7158	own	band tees
user7159	has_hobby	running
user7159	place_origin	farm
user7159	have_family	2 nephew
user7159	has_profession	veterinarian
user7160	like_general	time with friends
user7160	dislike	country
user7160	like_read	books
user7161	have_chidren	child
user7161	favorite_color	purple
user7161	has_profession	teacher
user7161	place_origin	church
user7162	have_chidren	2 children
user7162	employed_by_company	aldi
user7162	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user7162	favorite_movie	titanic
user7163	job_status	seeking employment
user7163	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user7163	want_do	own a restaurant
user7163	has_profession	cook
user7164	have	many girlfriends
user7164	has_hobby	horseback riding
user7164	like_general	boots
user7164	like_food	beef
user7165	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user7165	have_vehicle	car
user7165	like_sports	surfing
user7165	has_profession	mechanic
user7165	have_pet	1 dog
user7166	misc_attribute	depressed
user7166	want_job	professional eater
user7166	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user7166	dislike	cleaning
user7167	misc_attribute	distrustful
user7167	want	be alone
user7167	dislike	trying new things
user7167	like_activity	competition
user7167	like_general	the library
user7168	school_status	graduate student
user7168	like_read	crime
user7168	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user7168	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user7169	has_degree	graduate
user7169	misc_attribute	impressed
user7169	job_status	seeking employment
user7169	own	miscelaneous stuff
user7169	has_profession	small business owner
user7170	like_general	comics
user7170	has_hobby	couch potato
user7170	like_food	junk food
user7170	dislike	family
user7170	like_watching	horror
user7171	other	cat person
user7171	like_drink	alcohol
user7171	member_of	hobby club
user7171	have	cell phone
user7172	have_chidren	<blank>
user7172	job_status	employed
user7172	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user7172	like_sports	basketball
user7173	has_ability	bad lying
user7173	like_activity	filming
user7173	like_activity	making people smile
user7173	dislike	death
user7174	employed_by_company	ibm
user7174	like_music	the rolling stones
user7174	physical_attribute	tall
user7174	job_status	not a basketball player
user7175	dislike	jokes
user7175	like_general	simpler times
user7175	like_watching	the flintstones
user7176	like_food	meat
user7176	favorite_food	steak
user7176	own	black car
user7176	has_profession	finance
user7177	have_chidren	children
user7177	has_hobby	camping
user7177	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user7177	has_hobby	horseback riding
user7178	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user7178	like_general	blue
user7178	like_goto	concerts
user7178	has_hobby	swimming
user7179	like_activity	hiking
user7179	like_activity	gambling
user7179	like_food	vegetables
user7179	like_activity	talking on the phone
user7179	has_ability	1 speak language
user7180	school_status	graduated
user7180	like_activity	video games
user7180	school_status	will study computer science
user7180	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user7181	teach	first grade
user7181	like_drink	iced tea
user7181	marital_status	married
user7181	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user7181	has_hobby	shopping
user7182	has_profession	sales
user7182	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user7182	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user7182	like_activity	making clients happy
user7183	like_music	muggers
user7183	marital_status	single
user7183	have	bizarre dreams
user7183	has_ability	earn passive income
user7184	like_activity	partying
user7184	employed_by_general	restaurant
user7184	school_status	student
user7184	attend_school	university
user7184	like_goto	beach
user7185	physical_attribute	short
user7185	other	relative
user7185	have_pet	dog
user7185	like_general	red
user7186	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user7186	like_activity	whittling
user7186	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user7186	favorite_movie	good burger
user7186	other	carnivore
user7187	has_hobby	baseball
user7187	have_chidren	2 children
user7187	has_profession	doctor
user7188	like_activity	surfing
user7188	like_music	country
user7188	has_ability	cook
user7188	has_profession	at bar
user7189	employed_by_company	aldi
user7189	favorite_movie	titanic
user7189	have_chidren	2 children
user7189	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user7190	want_do	eating
user7190	other	am caucasian
user7190	like_activity	rollerblading
user7190	like_sports	hockey
user7190	like_food	sugar
user7191	have	bakery
user7191	like_activity	walking
user7191	have_chidren	1 son
user7192	like_general	strangers
user7192	like_food	honey
user7192	has_ability	throwing parties
user7192	want_do	<blank>
user7193	physical_attribute	brunette
user7193	favorite_music	country
user7193	like_food	snack
user7193	like_activity	traveling
user7194	job_status	seeking employment
user7194	physical_attribute	short
user7194	have_pet	dog
user7194	other	relative
user7194	like_general	red
user7195	have	3 tattoos
user7195	other	did not know my dad
user7195	like_activity	driving
user7195	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user7196	like_activity	tailgate parties
user7196	favorite_season	duck hunting
user7196	have	never flown on an airplane
user7196	has_profession	farmer
user7196	have	girlfriend
user7197	member_of	hobby club
user7197	has_ability	driving
user7197	like_drink	apple martinis
user7197	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user7197	own	suburban
user7198	dislike	swimsuits
user7198	other	am frugal
user7198	favorite_season	winter
user7199	want_do	have kids
user7199	place_origin	georgia
user7199	dislike	singing
user7199	like_food	chocolate
user7200	has_profession	mechanic
user7200	has_hobby	watching television
user7200	live_in_general	alone
user7200	favorite_food	hamburger
user7201	dislike	math
user7201	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user7201	want	eats too much fries
user7202	marital_status	married
user7202	attend_school	stanford
user7202	has_profession	athlete
user7202	favorite	theory henry
user7203	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user7203	dislike	math
user7203	own	clothing
user7204	has_hobby	yoga
user7204	like_goto	pool
user7204	job_status	employed
user7204	have	"dont have children"
user7204	like_activity	shopping
user7205	other	six months to live
user7205	dislike	regular expressions
user7205	other	allergic to lactose
user7205	like_food	fried
user7206	have_family	3 ex wives
user7206	dislike	kids
user7206	dislike	acting
user7207	<blank>	<blank>
user7207	like_activity	singing
user7207	want_do	<blank>
user7207	favorite_color	black
user7208	job_status	employed
user7208	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user7208	have	nickname
user7208	other	have never ate candy
user7209	has_ability	play instrument
user7209	have_pet	1 dog
user7209	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user7209	have	6 shoe size women
user7210	have_sibling	sister
user7210	dislike	waiting in line
user7210	like_music	justin bieber
user7210	own	5 pairs of same pants
user7211	has_profession	baseball player
user7211	job_status	employed
user7211	attend_school	miami university
user7211	has_profession	baseball player
user7212	has_hobby	youtube
user7212	have	50000 subscribers
user7212	like_watching	make up tutorials
user7212	attend_school	beauty classes
user7213	have	sausage fingers
user7213	misc_attribute	funny
user7213	physical_attribute	full
user7213	has_ability	draw
user7214	dislike	meat
user7214	like_food	apple
user7214	like_food	fruit
user7214	like_food	apple
user7215	misc_attribute	overeat
user7215	misc_attribute	organized
user7215	like_general	kids
user7215	has_profession	teacher
user7216	like_general	purple
user7216	like_general	cher
user7216	have	no money
user7216	marital_status	single
user7217	want	a new camera
user7217	like_food	spicy
user7217	has_hobby	running
user7217	previous_profession	movie theater
user7218	has_ability	run marathons
user7218	dislike	sweet potatoes
user7218	have_pet	3 dog
user7218	like_music	all american rejecs
user7218	has_profession	athlete
user7219	physical_attribute	fat
user7219	misc_attribute	generous
user7219	like_general	blame
user7219	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user7220	other	vegetarian
user7220	want_do	<blank>
user7220	have	allergies
user7220	dislike	animals in general
user7220	live_in_general	pig farm
user7221	has_hobby	check reflection
user7221	misc_attribute	fabulous
user7221	misc_attribute	shallow
user7221	has_hobby	shopping
user7221	misc_attribute	suspicious
user7222	like_general	helping others
user7222	has_degree	nursing
user7222	favorite_food	sushi
user7223	like_activity	running
user7223	marital_status	divorced
user7223	favorite_place	new york
user7223	has_profession	lawyer
user7223	favorite_food	steak
user7224	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user7224	like_activity	skateboarding
user7224	like_general	<blank>
user7224	have_pet	4 cat
user7224	own	30 shoes
user7225	want_job	baker
user7225	has_hobby	volunteer
user7225	has_profession	9 to 5
user7225	like_activity	cooking
user7226	has_hobby	drawing
user7226	want_do	dieting
user7226	misc_attribute	talkative
user7227	job_status	unemployed
user7227	other	lost jewelry
user7227	like_activity	getting nails done
user7227	like_drink	expensive wine
user7228	like_goto	opera
user7228	like_goto	paris
user7228	favorite	auto
user7228	like_music	classical
user7229	like_activity	investing
user7229	have_sibling	3 brother
user7229	like_sports	soccer
user7229	employed_by_company	nike
user7230	has_ability	security guard
user7230	have_pet	2 dog
user7230	job_status	employed
user7230	has_age	30
user7230	marital_status	single
user7231	own	glasses
user7231	favorite	actress
user7231	like_activity	standing in the rain
user7231	like_general	winter
user7231	want	faster computer
user7232	want_job	animator
user7232	like_music	classical
user7232	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user7232	has_profession	graphic design
user7232	has_profession	designer
user7233	like_activity	rpg computer games
user7233	have	crush
user7233	own	inhaler
user7233	has_hobby	tabletop games
user7233	live_in_general	a home
user7234	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user7234	have_vehicle	prius
user7234	like_general	red
user7235	like_goto	museum
user7235	like_goto	dates
user7235	teach	kindergarten
user7235	other	vegan
user7235	school_status	student
user7236	has_hobby	writing
user7236	has_hobby	hiking
user7236	have	terrible singing voice
user7236	like_general	grateful dead
user7236	has_profession	cook
user7237	other	puerto rican / chinese
user7237	like_music	blues
user7237	like_general	prince
user7237	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user7237	has_ability	2 speak language
user7238	own	2 laptops
user7238	like_food	chocolate
user7238	has_hobby	gardening
user7238	like_watching	anime
user7239	like_music	the rolling stones
user7239	job_status	not a basketball player
user7239	physical_attribute	tall
user7239	want_do	retire
user7239	employed_by_company	ibm
user7240	has_profession	photographer
user7240	have	tattoos
user7240	like_activity	drinking
user7240	have_pet	dog
user7240	like_animal	dog
user7241	dislike	green eggs and ham
user7241	like_activity	cooking
user7241	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user7241	like_activity	swimming
user7242	like_activity	running
user7242	like_activity	dancing
user7242	like_goto	school
user7242	physical_attribute	6 tall
user7243	own	chevy tahoe
user7243	favorite_food	steak
user7243	like_music	rock
user7243	has_ability	not swim
user7244	favorite_drink	red wine
user7244	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user7244	like_activity	gardening
user7244	have_chidren	1 child
user7244	have_pet	2 dog
user7245	has_profession	mechanic
user7245	has_age	25
user7245	have_pet	doberman
user7245	gender	male
user7246	like_food	meat
user7246	previous_profession	musician
user7246	employed_by_general	online
user7246	previous_profession	factory worker
user7247	like_general	saving money
user7247	other	am a couponer
user7247	like_activity	shopping
user7247	misc_attribute	organized
user7247	want_job	artist
user7248	has_hobby	play
user7248	like_food	indian cuisine
user7248	has_ability	play instrument
user7248	want	to adopt a dog
user7249	other	allergies
user7249	member_of	community center
user7249	physical_attribute	short hair
user7249	like_watching	horror
user7249	has_ability	play instrument
user7250	have	a significant other
user7250	employed_by_general	daycare
user7250	attend_school	university
user7250	school_status	major in business administration
user7251	like_music	justin bieber
user7251	own	5 pairs of same pants
user7251	dislike	waiting in line
user7251	have	photo
user7252	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user7252	have_pet	dog
user7252	has_profession	accountant
user7253	has_ability	brewing
user7253	other	gay
user7253	have	1 new house
user7253	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user7254	like_sports	water ski
user7254	has_age	10
user7254	favorite_drink	orange juice
user7254	other	arnold
user7255	has_profession	aquarium builder
user7255	have_family	brother-in-law
user7255	have_sibling	6 brother
user7256	favorite	auto
user7256	like_music	classical
user7256	like_goto	opera
user7256	physical_attribute	6 tall
user7256	like_goto	paris
user7257	employed_by_general	real estate
user7257	has_age	20
user7257	like_activity	singing
user7257	marital_status	dating
user7257	favorite	daisy
user7258	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user7258	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user7258	like_activity	staying up late
user7258	want_do	video games
user7259	have_chidren	daughter
user7259	like_general	christmas
user7259	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user7259	want	magic was real
user7260	like_goto	beach
user7260	job_status	employed
user7260	other	vegan
user7260	like_music	country
user7260	like_read	<blank>
user7261	has_profession	youtuber
user7261	have_pet	cat
user7261	has_ability	make videos
user7262	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user7262	other	democrat
user7262	like_food	fish
user7263	like_drink	beer
user7263	employed_by_general	indie band
user7263	live_in_general	city
user7263	have_pet	horse
user7264	school_status	graduated
user7264	school_status	will study computer science
user7264	school_status	student
user7264	like_activity	video games
user7264	other	vegetarian
user7265	like_drink	chai tea
user7265	has_profession	computer technician
user7265	have_pet	dog
user7265	own	black clothes
user7266	own	chevy tahoe
user7266	favorite_food	steak
user7266	like_music	rock
user7266	has_ability	not swim
user7267	like_food	green tea
user7267	like_activity	writing
user7267	like_watching	mystery
user7267	<blank>	<blank>
user7267	has_profession	author
user7268	physical_attribute	blonde
user7268	like_activity	running
user7268	like_general	blue
user7269	like_general	people
user7269	like_activity	praying
user7269	like_general	building apps
user7269	like_activity	working out
user7270	has_ability	play instrument
user7270	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user7270	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user7270	like_goto	farmers market
user7271	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user7271	other	feet smell
user7271	physical_attribute	blonde
user7271	like_general	money
user7272	favorite	superman
user7272	has_age	8
user7272	want_job	superhero
user7272	like_read	comics
user7272	other	<blank>
user7273	like_general	audiobookms
user7273	like_general	cartoons
user7273	live_in_general	away from parents
user7273	have_family	mother
user7273	like_goto	water
user7274	like_activity	walking
user7274	have_chidren	1 son
user7274	have	bakery
user7274	misc_attribute	funny
user7275	like_food	meatloaf
user7275	like_drink	coffee
user7275	own	2 packs
user7276	has_profession	technician
user7276	like_read	history
user7276	like_sports	softball
user7277	school_status	graduate student
user7277	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user7277	like_read	crime
user7277	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user7278	favorite_music	barbie girl
user7278	other	nancy
user7278	have_family	only child
user7278	like_general	barbie
user7278	gender	female
user7279	favorite_season	summer
user7279	dislike	dresses
user7279	favorite	hero
user7279	like_animal	butterfly
user7279	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user7280	have_chidren	2 son
user7280	like_goto	wine tours
user7280	like_goto	museum
user7280	like_activity	painting
user7281	favorite	halloween
user7281	like_activity	shopping
user7281	like_general	remodelling homes
user7281	like_activity	hunting
user7281	like_sports	archery
user7282	physical_attribute	thin
user7282	has_hobby	hunting
user7282	like_watching	television
user7282	physical_attribute	blonde
user7283	has_hobby	volunteer
user7283	has_hobby	yoga
user7283	marital_status	married
user7283	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user7283	has_profession	teacher
user7284	employed_by_general	diner
user7284	have	roommate
user7284	own	cupcake business
user7284	has_ability	to be late
user7285	like_activity	traveling
user7285	has_hobby	photography
user7285	like_activity	baking
user7285	<blank>	<blank>
user7286	want_job	musician
user7286	other	am a student
user7287	misc_attribute	complex
user7287	own	computer
user7287	like_watching	foreign
user7287	want_do	speak language
user7287	like_activity	learning
user7288	has_hobby	martial arts
user7288	like_activity	singing
user7288	have_chidren	2 children
user7289	like_activity	sleeping
user7289	has_profession	author
user7289	like_watching	youtube
user7289	physical_attribute	brunette
user7289	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user7290	have_family	<blank>
user7290	want	be an animal
user7290	other	am curious about space
user7290	dislike	regular life
user7290	like_music	classical
user7291	have	wheel chair
user7291	have_chidren	2 children
user7291	dislike	tomato
user7291	physical_attribute	short
user7291	gender	female
user7292	marital_status	engaged
user7292	marital_status	engaged
user7293	marital_status	divorced
user7293	employed_by_general	bank
user7293	like_animal	cat
user7293	has_hobby	teapots
user7294	like_general	snow
user7294	favorite	actor robert denaro
user7294	like_activity	surfing
user7294	want_do	college.
user7295	has_profession	nurse
user7295	own	1 house
user7295	has_ability	play instrument
user7295	marital_status	single
user7295	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user7296	has_profession	surgeon
user7296	school_status	graduated
user7297	has_profession	car maker
user7297	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user7297	like_food	macaroni
user7297	have	money
user7298	like_general	vinyl records
user7298	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user7298	have_vehicle	junk
user7298	want_do	fix
user7298	misc_attribute	active
user7299	has_ability	play instrument
user7299	has_ability	play instrument
user7299	like_activity	travel
user7299	like_music	classical
user7299	like_activity	cooking
user7300	other	name
user7300	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user7300	has_hobby	bicycling
user7300	misc_attribute	competitive
user7300	like_goto	canada
user7301	gender	70 male
user7301	<blank>	<blank>
user7301	have_vehicle	boat
user7301	like_activity	fishing
user7301	have	5 grandchildren
user7302	like_general	my work
user7302	marital_status	married
user7302	like_sports	golf
user7302	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7302	like_music	classical
user7303	marital_status	divorced
user7303	has_hobby	teapots
user7303	employed_by_general	bank
user7303	like_animal	cat
user7304	has_hobby	fishing
user7304	own	george foreman grill
user7304	has_ability	play instrument
user7304	dislike	fast food
user7305	attend_school	michigan
user7305	like_food	taco
user7305	favorite_season	summer
user7305	school_status	graduated
user7305	want_job	doctor
user7306	like_general	activism
user7306	has_profession	legal assistant
user7306	like_general	activist work
user7306	like_watching	news
user7307	other	wear glasses
user7307	have	green eyes
user7307	want_job	librarian
user7307	physical_attribute	olive
user7307	own	purse
user7308	like_read	fantasy
user7308	like_general	natural world beauty
user7308	like_animal	all
user7309	other	braces
user7309	has_age	15
user7309	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user7310	has_profession	writer
user7310	have_family	10 niece
user7310	like_goto	museum
user7310	marital_status	married
user7310	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user7311	favorite_food	steak
user7311	like_music	rock
user7311	own	chevy tahoe
user7312	favorite_food	fruit
user7312	has_hobby	soap making
user7312	has_ability	composting
user7312	<blank>	<blank>
user7312	own	greenhouse
user7313	misc_attribute	savage
user7313	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user7313	other	stuck in the past
user7313	has_ability	not technology
user7314	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user7314	like_music	rock
user7314	marital_status	engaged
user7314	attend_school	online
user7314	like_food	ice cream
user7315	like_food	italian cuisine
user7315	favorite_food	pizza
user7315	other	tom
user7315	misc_attribute	healthy
user7315	other	east asian
user7316	like_sports	steelers
user7316	like_goto	broadway shows
user7316	has_hobby	traveling
user7316	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user7317	member_of	hobby club
user7317	have	10 tattoos
user7317	has_age	adult
user7317	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user7318	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user7318	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user7318	job_status	employed
user7318	want	vacation
user7318	misc_attribute	slow
user7319	has_age	29
user7319	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user7319	like_general	going to bed late
user7319	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user7320	live_in_general	bed
user7320	have_pet	<blank>
user7320	like_activity	video games
user7320	like_activity	social media
user7321	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user7321	like_activity	hiking
user7321	has_profession	in marketing
user7321	own	pink hiking boots
user7321	like_music	folk
user7322	dislike	swimsuits
user7322	favorite_season	winter
user7322	other	am frugal
user7323	has_ability	sorting books
user7323	like_read	fantasy
user7323	attend_school	university
user7323	want_job	journalist
user7324	has_profession	teacher
user7324	place_origin	new hampshire
user7324	like_food	mexican cuisine
user7324	like_activity	dance
user7325	has_hobby	running
user7325	like_food	spicy
user7325	physical_attribute	long hair
user7325	previous_profession	movie theater
user7326	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user7326	like_activity	manicures
user7326	other	allergies
user7326	have_chidren	son
user7327	school_status	student
user7327	want_do	produce music
user7327	has_ability	play instrument
user7327	like_goto	library
user7328	physical_attribute	1 arm
user7328	have_family	sibling
user7328	has_profession	farmer
user7328	like_activity	hiking
user7329	has_hobby	shopping
user7329	misc_attribute	cold
user7329	live_in_general	alone
user7329	<blank>	<blank>
user7330	has_profession	retailer
user7330	dislike	the taste of cheese
user7330	has_ability	cooking
user7330	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user7331	like_goto	the lake
user7331	like_read	horror
user7331	has_profession	accountant
user7331	like_general	blue
user7332	marital_status	divorced
user7332	have_family	grandmother
user7332	has_profession	bowler
user7332	have_chidren	2 children
user7332	job_status	employed
user7333	like_music	classical
user7333	like_general	my work
user7333	marital_status	married
user7333	like_sports	golf
user7333	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7334	has_hobby	watching television
user7334	has_profession	teacher
user7334	has_hobby	reading
user7334	other	sarah
user7334	has_profession	teacher
user7335	dislike	pants
user7335	dislike	reading
user7335	has_ability	play instrument
user7336	dislike	running
user7336	has_hobby	snowboarding
user7336	has_ability	running
user7337	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user7337	physical_attribute	overweight
user7337	has_profession	designer
user7337	like_activity	larp
user7337	physical_attribute	tall
user7338	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user7338	school_status	student
user7338	have_pet	dog
user7338	misc_attribute	popular
user7339	have_pet	dog
user7339	like_read	books
user7339	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user7340	has_hobby	painting
user7340	dislike	cleaning
user7340	like_general	blue
user7340	has_profession	finance
user7340	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7341	has_age	15
user7341	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user7341	other	braces
user7342	like_read	news
user7342	want_do	invest in stock market
user7342	want	find easy ways to make money
user7342	like_general	technology
user7343	has_ability	play instrument
user7343	other	gay
user7343	has_profession	welder
user7343	like_activity	video games
user7343	other	carnivore
user7344	have_pet	3 dog
user7344	like_music	all american rejecs
user7344	dislike	sweet potatoes
user7344	has_ability	run marathons
user7345	has_profession	aquarium builder
user7345	have_sibling	6 brother
user7345	have_family	brother-in-law
user7346	like_goto	places
user7346	like_watching	the voice
user7346	attend_school	princeton
user7346	favorite_activity	museums
user7346	like_music	<blank>
user7347	have_pet	horse
user7347	live_in_general	city
user7347	member_of	band
user7348	misc_attribute	friendly
user7348	like_general	makeup
user7348	like_activity	working out
user7348	misc_attribute	mean
user7348	have	nice smile
user7349	has_hobby	writing
user7349	has_profession	translator
user7349	job_status	unemployed
user7349	dislike	career
user7350	has_profession	ballerina
user7350	job_status	employed
user7350	like_watching	comedy
user7350	favorite_food	hamburgers
user7351	job_status	unemployed
user7351	want	botos
user7351	misc_attribute	confident
user7351	attend_school	university
user7352	has_hobby	cooking
user7352	has_hobby	traveling
user7352	place_origin	beach
user7352	like_food	pizza
user7353	other	"dont believe in love"
user7353	have_family	adopted
user7353	has_hobby	horseback riding
user7353	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user7353	have_family	only child
user7354	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7354	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user7354	other	christian
user7354	like_activity	football
user7355	like_read	<blank>
user7355	like_sports	swimming
user7355	employed_by_company	navy
user7355	physical_attribute	tall
user7355	favorite_show	the voice
user7356	want_job	musician
user7356	other	am a student
user7357	school_status	graduated
user7357	has_profession	surgeon
user7357	have_chidren	1 daughter
user7358	have_family	sibling
user7358	has_hobby	geocache
user7358	<blank>	play instrument
user7358	like_food	chocolate
user7358	has_profession	psychologist
user7359	want_do	sports
user7359	dislike	sports
user7359	has_ability	sport
user7359	has_hobby	archery
user7360	like_activity	drawing and painting
user7360	have_vehicle	car
user7360	job_status	employed
user7360	own	house
user7360	like_general	blue
user7361	like_food	meatloaf
user7361	have_vehicle	car
user7361	like_music	0 toto
user7361	have_pet	dog
user7362	have	an online business
user7362	has_profession	marketing
user7362	has_ability	meditate
user7362	has_hobby	yoga
user7363	favorite	raptors
user7363	want_job	dentist
user7363	like_sports	sports
user7363	has_ability	sleeping
user7364	have	6 siblings
user7364	other	adopted
user7364	have_family	mother
user7365	like_movie	action
user7365	have_vehicle	ford
user7365	like_sports	football
user7365	attend_school	university
user7366	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user7366	like_general	baking
user7366	like_watching	plays
user7366	like_animal	dog
user7366	like_activity	walking
user7367	like_goto	park
user7367	job_status	employed
user7367	favorite_color	green
user7367	has_hobby	video games
user7367	like_sports	running
user7368	like_drink	coffee
user7368	has_hobby	painting
user7368	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user7368	want_job	curator
user7368	have	been to new york city
user7369	like_general	wearing black clothing
user7369	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user7369	own	black purse
user7369	like_music	rock
user7370	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7370	gender	male
user7370	attend_school	high school
user7370	favorite	math
user7371	like_animal	dog
user7371	like_sports	field hockey
user7371	has_age	15
user7371	school_status	student
user7371	want_job	veterinarian
user7372	like_goto	antique stores
user7372	have_pet	cat
user7372	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user7372	favorite_food	subway
user7373	has_profession	9 to 5
user7373	has_hobby	volunteer
user7373	like_activity	cooking
user7373	want_job	baker
user7374	has_profession	programmer
user7374	employed_by_company	facebook
user7374	job_status	employed
user7374	like_activity	donate time
user7374	have_pet	2 dog
user7375	like_goto	nail salon
user7375	like_watching	we wrestling
user7375	like_goto	cafe
user7376	dislike	clowns
user7376	other	vegetarian
user7376	have_sibling	sister
user7376	job_status	employed
user7377	has_hobby	ballet
user7377	has_ability	1 dancing
user7377	want	retire
user7378	physical_attribute	blonde
user7378	favorite_color	purple
user7378	like_activity	ballet
user7378	like_activity	video games
user7379	dislike	running
user7379	like_watching	sport
user7379	favorite_color	orange
user7379	have_pet	2 cat
user7380	has_hobby	couch potato
user7380	like_watching	horror
user7380	dislike	family
user7380	like_general	comics
user7380	like_food	junk food
user7381	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user7381	like_watching	game of thrones
user7381	like_animal	rabbit
user7381	place_origin	alabama
user7382	employed_by_company	walmart
user7382	like_food	food with no animal product
user7382	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user7382	favorite_music_artist	muse
user7383	employed_by_general	circus
user7383	other	ketogenic
user7383	like_movie	<blank>
user7383	have_pet	2 dog
user7384	has_ability	sorting books
user7384	like_read	fantasy
user7384	attend_school	university
user7384	want_job	journalist
user7385	like_activity	scuba diving
user7385	have_chidren	3 daughter
user7385	like_sports	horseback riding
user7385	has_profession	police
user7385	place_origin	kansas
user7386	like_animal	dog
user7386	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user7386	other	orphan
user7386	place_origin	nevada
user7387	attend_school	preschool
user7387	favorite_animal	zebra
user7387	like_activity	outdoors
user7387	like_activity	dance
user7388	like_general	self
user7388	has_hobby	check reflection
user7388	other	care about way i look
user7388	misc_attribute	suspicious
user7388	has_hobby	shopping
user7389	marital_status	married
user7389	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user7389	own	my home
user7390	have	an online business
user7390	has_hobby	yoga
user7390	other	vegan
user7390	has_profession	marketing
user7390	has_ability	meditate
user7391	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7391	like_food	italian
user7391	has_hobby	yoga
user7391	like_goto	italy
user7391	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user7392	has_hobby	gardening
user7392	like_read	enders game
user7392	like_read	<blank>
user7392	place_origin	kentucky
user7393	misc_attribute	brave
user7393	employed_by_company	army rangers
user7393	marital_status	married
user7393	like_general	deployment
user7394	dislike	driving
user7394	like_food	cheese
user7394	like_music	backstreet boys
user7394	has_age	under 50
user7395	dislike	tomato
user7395	physical_attribute	short
user7395	have	wheel chair
user7395	have_chidren	2 children
user7396	previous_profession	movie theater
user7396	want	a new camera
user7396	like_food	spicy
user7396	physical_attribute	long hair
user7397	like_watching	british
user7397	previous_profession	programmer
user7397	have	2 grandchildren
user7397	has_age	77
user7397	like_animal	animals
user7398	has_ability	fly airplane
user7398	like_activity	building computers
user7398	employed_by_general	army
user7398	attend_school	university
user7398	like_general	tool
user7399	have_pet	dog
user7399	other	carnivore
user7399	employed_by_company	<blank>
user7399	misc_attribute	educated
user7400	marital_status	single
user7400	like_goto	nature
user7400	favorite_food	salad
user7401	favorite_show	silicon valley
user7401	has_hobby	tennis
user7401	has_profession	baker
user7402	like_food	ice cream
user7402	have_chidren	4 children
user7402	have_chidren	children
user7402	marital_status	married
user7403	like_activity	travel
user7404	have_family	8 brother
user7404	physical_attribute	short
user7404	other	beard
user7405	like_watching	talk show
user7405	misc_attribute	organized
user7405	misc_attribute	above average
user7405	like_activity	gossiping
user7406	favorite_sport	football
user7406	previous_profession	veteran
user7406	like_activity	working out
user7406	have_vehicle	camper
user7407	like_drink	liquor
user7407	like_activity	video games
user7407	like_read	books
user7407	employed_by_general	marketing
user7407	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user7408	like_food	beans
user7408	like_activity	working out
user7408	like_general	huge paintings.
user7409	like_general	blue
user7409	has_age	25
user7409	have_chidren	1 son
user7409	employed_by_general	military
user7410	favorite_food	pizza
user7410	favorite_hobby	reading
user7410	favorite	subject was science
user7411	like_general	the color blue
user7411	physical_attribute	blue hair
user7411	own	blue shoes
user7411	have_vehicle	car
user7411	like_music	elvis
user7412	favorite_color	orange
user7412	have_pet	3 cat
user7412	like_activity	swimming
user7412	like_food	taco
user7413	like_activity	cooking
user7413	has_hobby	gardening
user7413	live_in_general	small city
user7413	have_chidren	children
user7414	has_hobby	gambling
user7414	like_food	shrimp
user7414	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user7414	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user7415	like_activity	walking
user7415	has_profession	teacher
user7415	job_status	retired
user7416	misc_attribute	social
user7416	marital_status	widow
user7416	have_sibling	6 sibling
user7416	have	2 broken arm
user7417	misc_attribute	upset
user7417	place_origin	austin
user7417	like_general	social media
user7417	want_do	photography
user7418	other	stuck in the past
user7418	like_general	place
user7418	misc_attribute	savage
user7418	has_ability	not technology
user7418	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user7419	has_ability	300 speak language
user7419	has_profession	business man
user7419	want	parents
user7419	own	mansion
user7419	dislike	school
user7420	like_activity	skiing
user7420	like_music	one direction
user7420	like_general	the weather
user7420	place_origin	colorado
user7420	like_activity	hiking
user7421	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user7421	have_pet	3 iguana
user7421	like_animal	dog
user7421	have_sibling	brother
user7421	other	poor
user7422	has_age	older
user7422	like_activity	helping
user7422	job_status	retired
user7422	favorite_food	pasta
user7423	has_hobby	fishing
user7423	like_food	tuna
user7423	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user7423	have_vehicle	boat
user7423	favorite_animal	fish
user7424	school_status	graduated
user7424	has_profession	surgeon
user7424	have_chidren	1 daughter
user7425	misc_attribute	physical
user7425	other	has driven race car
user7425	misc_attribute	personable
user7425	want_do	<blank>
user7426	own	honda civic
user7426	have_chidren	3 children
user7426	have	friend
user7426	like_activity	walking
user7426	other	named after my grandmother
user7427	has_profession	zoologist
user7427	have	taught
user7427	job_status	with wife
user7428	physical_attribute	hears voices
user7428	has_hobby	collecting
user7428	has_hobby	arguing
user7428	misc_attribute	lust
user7428	like_food	cakes
user7429	like_sports	baseball
user7429	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user7429	like_sports	sports
user7430	school_status	student
user7430	has_profession	waiter
user7430	have_chidren	daughter
user7430	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user7430	favorite	rose
user7431	have	2 tattoos
user7431	favorite_hobby	knitting
user7431	employed_by_general	office
user7431	like_activity	shopping
user7432	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user7432	has_hobby	working out
user7432	has_hobby	weight lifting
user7432	physical_attribute	buff
user7432	has_profession	athlete
user7433	own	company
user7433	attend_school	high school
user7433	dislike	work
user7433	have_chidren	1 child
user7434	school_status	rejected
user7434	like_sports	soccer
user7434	has_age	7
user7435	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user7435	have_chidren	daughter
user7435	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user7435	want	magic was real
user7435	like_general	christmas
user7436	like_general	barbie
user7436	gender	female
user7436	favorite_music	barbie girl
user7436	other	nancy
user7437	favorite	penn and teller
user7437	want_job	astronaut
user7437	have_pet	2 dog
user7437	like_food	lasagna
user7437	have_vehicle	car
user7438	favorite_movie	titanic
user7438	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user7438	employed_by_company	aldi
user7438	have_chidren	2 children
user7439	like_music	charlie daniels
user7439	place_origin	tennessee
user7439	marital_status	married
user7439	has_hobby	fishing
user7440	favorite_book	the bible
user7440	marital_status	married
user7440	misc_attribute	1 religious
user7440	has_hobby	traveling
user7441	like_sports	soccer
user7441	employed_by_company	nike
user7441	like_activity	investing
user7441	have_sibling	3 brother
user7441	place_origin	<blank>
user7442	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user7442	has_profession	accountant
user7442	have_pet	2 dog
user7442	have_vehicle	car
user7442	like_sports	running
user7443	like_general	winter
user7443	have	single bed
user7443	like_general	rain
user7444	has_hobby	hiking
user7444	favorite	bob ross
user7444	other	vegan
user7445	own	red lipstick
user7445	like_general	red shoes
user7445	have_vehicle	car
user7445	<blank>	<blank>
user7445	have	red purse
user7446	employed_by_general	indie band
user7446	like_drink	beer
user7446	live_in_general	city
user7446	have_pet	horse
user7447	like_food	hamburgers
user7447	has_ability	sleep
user7447	like_sports	running
user7447	has_profession	electrician
user7447	dislike	winter
user7448	have_family	father
user7448	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user7448	have_sibling	1 sister
user7448	school_status	student
user7449	have_family	wife
user7449	like_activity	skiing
user7449	dislike	mexican food
user7449	like_food	cheetos
user7450	misc_attribute	physical
user7450	misc_attribute	dishonest
user7450	want_do	<blank>
user7450	other	has driven race car
user7450	misc_attribute	personable
user7451	like_watching	sport
user7451	want	be millionaire
user7451	has_hobby	yoga
user7451	like_sports	hockey
user7452	like_activity	travel
user7452	have_family	parents
user7452	like_general	red
user7452	own	iphone
user7452	like_general	headsets
user7453	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user7453	has_hobby	gambling
user7453	like_food	shrimp
user7454	want_job	artist
user7454	has_hobby	couponing
user7454	like_general	saving money
user7454	misc_attribute	organized
user7455	live_in_general	with parents
user7455	has_age	32
user7455	dislike	job
user7455	has_hobby	video games
user7455	like_food	take out
user7456	want_do	<blank>
user7456	has_ability	playing pool
user7456	want_do	travel
user7456	teach	arts
user7456	like_animal	unicorns
user7457	like_watching	sunsets
user7457	like_sports	surfing
user7457	physical_attribute	brunette
user7457	live_in_general	near the ocean
user7457	dislike	red meat
user7458	misc_attribute	critic
user7458	misc_attribute	regretful
user7458	dislike	being controlled
user7458	dislike	my reputation
user7459	like_activity	go to lake
user7459	has_hobby	knitting
user7459	like_activity	walking
user7459	like_music	<blank>
user7460	like_activity	watching television
user7460	like_sports	<blank>
user7460	attend_school	university
user7460	have	been in two car crashes
user7460	like_drink	water
user7461	has_hobby	dancing
user7461	have_family	only child
user7461	attend_school	high school
user7461	attend_school	graduate school
user7462	like_food	apple
user7462	favorite_food	apple
user7462	like_food	fruit
user7462	like_food	apple
user7462	dislike	meat
user7463	like_activity	football
user7463	like_drink	beer
user7463	like_general	it
user7464	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user7464	have_sibling	3 sister
user7464	like_activity	reading
user7464	favorite_place	jamaica
user7465	have_family	only child
user7465	like_general	red
user7465	school_status	student
user7465	have_pet	dog
user7466	has_profession	farmer
user7466	want	travel
user7466	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user7466	have_pet	2 dog
user7467	like_activity	dance
user7467	like_food	mexican cuisine
user7467	has_profession	teacher
user7467	like_read	history
user7467	place_origin	new hampshire
user7468	like_general	katy perry
user7468	have_vehicle	ford
user7468	employed_by_general	retailer
user7468	has_hobby	shopping
user7469	dislike	eating out
user7469	like_watching	foreign
user7469	dislike	social obligations
user7469	like_sports	running
user7470	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user7470	other	allergic
user7470	other	six months to live
user7471	has_hobby	philosophy
user7471	like_music	concerts
user7471	other	vegan
user7471	have	tattoo
user7472	like_general	ghost
user7472	want_job	architect
user7472	has_profession	wedding planner
user7472	like_music	80s
user7473	physical_attribute	purple hair
user7473	job_status	employed
user7474	has_hobby	singing
user7474	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user7474	like_watching	sport
user7474	like_activity	napping
user7475	favorite_food	fried chicken
user7475	has_profession	pilot
user7475	marital_status	married
user7476	favorite_music	barbie girl
user7476	gender	female
user7476	have_family	only child
user7476	like_general	barbie
user7477	gender	male
user7477	like_activity	football
user7477	physical_attribute	beard
user7477	like_sports	cycling
user7478	<blank>	<blank>
user7478	have_pet	dog
user7478	like_music	country
user7478	<blank>	<blank>
user7479	like_food	hot dog
user7479	has_hobby	bird watching
user7479	favorite_drink	pepsi
user7479	has_profession	librarian
user7480	job_status	employed
user7480	has_age	30
user7480	physical_attribute	colorblind
user7480	has_degree	marketing
user7481	other	rich
user7481	has_profession	president
user7481	previous_profession	casino owner
user7481	own	casino
user7481	other	bankrupt
user7482	have_vehicle	ferrari
user7482	has_ability	play instrument
user7482	own	mansion
user7482	has_profession	rapper
user7482	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user7483	has_profession	lifeguard
user7483	have_vehicle	convertible
user7483	like_music	katy perry
user7483	like_activity	spreading happiness
user7484	marital_status	married
user7484	like_activity	traveling
user7484	like_general	family
user7484	like_activity	art projects
user7484	gender	female
user7485	like_general	eating out
user7485	like_general	nature
user7485	like_general	blue
user7485	like_activity	hiking
user7486	live_in_general	alone
user7486	have_family	<blank>
user7486	like_activity	hiking
user7486	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user7486	dislike	formal situations
user7487	gender	transfemale
user7487	like_food	pizza
user7487	like_general	blue
user7487	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7488	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user7488	place_origin	london
user7488	like_activity	painting
user7488	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user7488	job_status	employed
user7489	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user7489	misc_attribute	overeat
user7489	misc_attribute	organized
user7489	like_general	kids
user7489	has_profession	teacher
user7490	have_sibling	1 sister
user7490	school_status	student
user7490	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user7490	like_food	cakes
user7490	have_family	father
user7491	job_status	with wife
user7491	have	taught
user7491	has_profession	zoologist
user7492	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user7492	misc_attribute	reserved
user7492	like_general	forest
user7492	misc_attribute	distant
user7493	have	welfare
user7493	favorite_music_artist	creed
user7493	other	carnivore
user7494	want_do	make more money
user7494	like_general	pens
user7494	want	not to work
user7494	has_hobby	writing
user7495	have_pet	2 dog
user7495	have	car
user7495	has_profession	accountant
user7495	like_food	potato
user7495	gender	male
user7496	has_ability	speak language
user7496	have	1 blue eye
user7496	have_pet	cat
user7497	like_read	fantasy
user7497	employed_by_company	monsanto
user7497	like_activity	shopping
user7497	like_activity	swimming
user7497	other	mother
user7498	have	a few friends
user7498	like_general	katy perry
user7498	has_profession	baker
user7498	like_activity	hunting
user7499	favorite_food	salad
user7499	marital_status	single
user7499	has_profession	teacher
user7499	like_goto	nature
user7500	like_activity	video games
user7500	like_food	junk food
user7500	has_hobby	writing
user7500	favorite_music	kpop
user7501	employed_by_general	military
user7501	have_chidren	1 son
user7501	like_general	blue
user7501	has_age	25
user7501	has_hobby	wrestling
user7502	favorite	truck
user7502	dislike	vegetables
user7502	like_activity	spending time with family
user7502	favorite_place	american eagle
user7503	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user7503	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user7503	like_activity	staying up late
user7503	have_sibling	sibling
user7503	want_do	video games
user7504	job_status	employed
user7504	has_profession	baseball player
user7504	attend_school	miami university
user7504	have_chidren	3 children
user7504	has_profession	baseball player
user7505	has_ability	play instrument
user7505	physical_attribute	short hair
user7505	other	allergies
user7505	like_watching	horror
user7506	like_food	home-cooked meals
user7506	like_general	blue
user7506	favorite_show	fantasy
user7506	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user7507	live_in_general	basement
user7507	employed_by_general	flower shop
user7507	has_hobby	reading
user7507	other	vegetarian
user7507	like_animal	cat
user7508	have_pet	2 cat
user7508	like_goto	beach
user7508	like_food	strawberry
user7508	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user7508	like_food	food with no animal product
user7509	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user7509	like_activity	rock climbing
user7509	own	honda civic
user7509	like_movie	django unchained
user7510	has_hobby	cycling
user7510	has_profession	waiter
user7511	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user7511	have_chidren	daughter
user7511	has_profession	waiter
user7511	favorite	rose
user7512	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user7512	have	2 smartphones
user7512	other	vegan
user7512	like_read	<blank>
user7512	has_profession	nurse
user7513	marital_status	married
user7513	attend_school	stanford
user7513	favorite	theory henry
user7514	want_job	entrepreneur
user7514	like_activity	politics
user7514	have_vehicle	car
user7514	like_activity	hanging out
user7515	other	vegetarian
user7515	want_do	<blank>
user7515	live_in_general	pig farm
user7515	have	allergies
user7516	like_read	1984
user7516	school_status	student
user7516	like_read	books
user7516	attend_school	university
user7517	have	an online business
user7517	has_profession	marketing
user7517	other	vegan
user7517	has_hobby	yoga
user7518	have_family	only child
user7518	favorite_color	purple
user7518	have_pet	1 lizard
user7518	<blank>	plants
user7518	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user7519	favorite_music_artist	muse
user7519	employed_by_company	walmart
user7519	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user7519	like_food	food with no animal product
user7520	has_age	29
user7520	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user7520	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user7520	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user7520	like_general	going to bed late
user7521	has_hobby	yoga
user7521	marital_status	married
user7521	has_profession	teacher
user7521	has_hobby	volunteer
user7521	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user7522	teach	english literature
user7522	have_chidren	2 daughter
user7522	have_family	0 husband
user7522	want_job	writer
user7522	like_activity	story telling
user7523	want_do	skydiving
user7523	have_pet	reptile
user7523	job_status	internship
user7523	other	character
user7524	physical_attribute	long hair
user7524	previous_profession	movie theater
user7524	like_food	spicy
user7524	has_hobby	running
user7525	like_music	muggers
user7525	has_ability	earn passive income
user7525	marital_status	single
user7525	have	bizarre dreams
user7526	like_activity	tennis
user7526	like_activity	travel
user7526	like_music	chainsmokers
user7527	favorite_color	purple
user7527	has_degree	masters
user7527	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user7527	gender	female
user7528	misc_attribute	unafraid
user7528	want_job	army
user7528	employed_by_company	army rangers
user7528	marital_status	married
user7528	like_general	deployment
user7529	want_do	traveling
user7529	like_read	books
user7529	dislike	country
user7529	like_general	time with friends
user7530	has_age	7
user7530	like_sports	soccer
user7530	school_status	rejected
user7531	employed_by_general	arena
user7531	has_profession	writer
user7531	have	allergy
user7531	want_job	actress
user7531	favorite_animal	zebra
user7532	like_food	organic
user7532	own	2 snakes
user7532	like_read	comics
user7532	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user7532	has_hobby	collect autographs
user7533	other	mother
user7533	have_chidren	2 children
user7533	have_pet	2 dog
user7533	has_profession	teacher
user7534	favorite_food	ravioli
user7534	have	not met my father
user7534	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user7534	has_ability	speak language
user7535	like_food	meat
user7535	physical_attribute	red hair
user7535	has_ability	computer repair
user7535	live_in_general	far from home
user7536	have_vehicle	moped
user7536	like_activity	singing
user7536	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user7536	favorite	halo 3
user7536	<blank>	<blank>
user7537	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user7537	job_status	employed
user7537	has_profession	factory worker
user7537	want_job	musician
user7537	marital_status	married
user7538	marital_status	single
user7538	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user7538	has_profession	nurse
user7538	own	1 house
user7538	has_ability	play instrument
user7539	have_pet	cat
user7539	employed_by_general	cafe
user7539	like_general	books
user7539	like_activity	sewing
user7540	misc_attribute	mean
user7540	have	nice smile
user7540	like_general	makeup
user7540	like_activity	working out
user7540	misc_attribute	friendly
user7541	like_animal	<blank>
user7541	other	dieting
user7541	like_goto	gym
user7541	have_pet	3 pets
user7542	previous_profession	veteran
user7542	like_activity	working out
user7542	have_vehicle	camper
user7542	favorite_sport	football
user7542	has_profession	truck driver
user7543	employed_by_general	hospital
user7543	has_hobby	boating
user7543	has_profession	doctor
user7543	like_goto	beach
user7543	live_in_general	large home
user7544	like_goto	museum
user7544	like_goto	wine tours
user7544	like_activity	painting
user7544	have_chidren	2 son
user7545	teach	kindergarten
user7545	like_goto	dates
user7545	school_status	student
user7545	like_goto	museum
user7545	other	vegan
user7546	like_general	technology
user7546	want	immortality
user7546	has_hobby	diving
user7546	like_general	people
user7546	have_pet	dog and cat
user7547	other	have never ate candy
user7547	like_general	bartolo colon
user7547	job_status	employed
user7547	like_watching	anime
user7547	have	nickname
user7548	school_status	will study computer science
user7548	like_activity	video games
user7548	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user7548	other	vegetarian
user7548	school_status	graduated
user7549	like_activity	praying
user7549	like_general	people
user7549	like_activity	working out
user7550	like_food	fish
user7550	misc_attribute	confident
user7550	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user7551	misc_attribute	scared
user7551	have_sibling	4 sibling
user7551	school_status	student
user7551	have_vehicle	honda
user7552	has_hobby	singing
user7552	like_watching	sport
user7552	like_activity	napping
user7552	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user7553	want	pot bellied pig
user7553	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user7553	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user7553	like_read	anne of green gables
user7554	physical_attribute	blonde
user7554	like_goto	foreign countries
user7554	like_activity	dancing
user7554	have_pet	3 cat
user7554	have_family	only child
user7555	has_hobby	singing
user7555	have	brown belt
user7555	have_family	grandmother
user7556	like_watching	netflix
user7556	has_profession	programmer
user7556	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user7556	favorite_food	italian
user7557	like_activity	hiking
user7557	have_family	sibling
user7557	school_status	graduated
user7557	physical_attribute	1 arm
user7558	like_activity	rollerblading
user7558	other	am caucasian
user7558	like_food	sugar
user7558	want_do	eating
user7558	like_sports	hockey
user7559	like_goto	dates
user7559	other	vegan
user7559	teach	kindergarten
user7559	like_goto	museum
user7559	school_status	student
user7560	has_ability	sport
user7560	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7560	has_hobby	archery
user7560	want_do	sports
user7561	own	2 packs
user7561	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user7561	like_music	lindsey stirling
user7561	like_food	meatloaf
user7561	like_drink	coffee
user7562	like_music	classical
user7562	has_profession	designer
user7562	has_profession	graphic design
user7562	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user7563	dislike	spiders
user7563	other	parents in the military
user7563	have_pet	2 dog
user7563	has_profession	pilot
user7564	have_pet	dog
user7564	like_activity	working out
user7564	like_music	country
user7565	like_food	cake
user7565	have_sibling	1 sister
user7565	school_status	student
user7565	have_family	father
user7566	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user7566	has_profession	salesman
user7566	has_hobby	cloud watching
user7566	misc_attribute	shy
user7566	favorite	costco
user7567	employed_by_company	monsanto
user7567	other	mother
user7567	like_activity	shopping
user7567	like_read	fantasy
user7568	like_goto	0 library
user7568	employed_by_general	retailer
user7568	physical_attribute	red hair
user7568	live_in_general	coast
user7569	favorite_music	country
user7569	like_general	internet
user7569	other	vegetarian
user7569	job_status	employed
user7570	like_general	blue
user7570	other	youngest
user7570	school_status	student
user7570	have_sibling	2 brother
user7571	favorite_food	hamburger
user7571	like_general	red
user7571	has_profession	accountant
user7571	has_hobby	tennis
user7571	favorite	hamilton
user7572	have	4 visited mexico
user7572	dislike	mexican food
user7572	like_activity	skiing
user7572	have_family	wife
user7572	like_food	cheetos
user7573	like_goto	rock concerts
user7573	has_age	18
user7573	other	carnivore
user7573	place_origin	farm
user7573	like_activity	with friends
user7574	want	a new camera
user7574	like_food	spicy
user7574	physical_attribute	long hair
user7574	has_hobby	running
user7575	have	timeshare
user7575	has_profession	<blank>
user7575	favorite_food	sushi
user7575	favorite_show	friends
user7576	like_goto	museum
user7576	marital_status	married
user7576	have_family	10 niece
user7576	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user7576	has_profession	writer
user7577	other	christian
user7577	favorite_movie	horror
user7577	like_activity	reading
user7577	has_profession	veterinarian
user7578	has_profession	teacher
user7578	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user7578	has_hobby	volunteer
user7578	has_hobby	yoga
user7578	marital_status	married
user7579	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user7579	have_pet	dog
user7579	misc_attribute	colorful
user7579	has_profession	accountant
user7580	own	cupcake business
user7580	has_ability	to be late
user7580	like_activity	singing
user7580	employed_by_general	diner
user7581	member_of	community center
user7581	has_ability	play instrument
user7581	physical_attribute	short hair
user7581	like_watching	horror
user7581	other	allergies
user7582	employed_by_company	military
user7582	like_general	explosions
user7582	like_food	brownies
user7582	like_animal	cat
user7582	like_activity	traveling
user7583	has_profession	travel agent
user7583	like_activity	traveling
user7583	own	a business
user7583	like_activity	working out
user7584	has_ability	sing many songs
user7584	like_music	the mutineers
user7584	like_activity	reading
user7584	misc_attribute	happy
user7585	like_animal	cat
user7585	have_chidren	5 children
user7585	gender	female
user7585	like_activity	crocheting
user7586	like_activity	swimming
user7586	like_activity	cooking
user7586	have_pet	4 dog
user7586	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user7586	dislike	green eggs and ham
user7587	own	wear glasses
user7587	marital_status	divorced
user7587	has_profession	1 librarian
user7587	have_chidren	0 children
user7587	misc_attribute	shy
user7588	employed_by_company	google
user7588	has_profession	engineer
user7588	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user7588	employed_by_company	google
user7588	like_food	lobster
user7589	attend_school	none
user7589	school_status	graduate student
user7589	has_profession	volunteering
user7589	school_status	student
user7589	misc_attribute	always early
user7590	like_music	adam levine
user7590	want_do	photography
user7590	marital_status	widow
user7590	want_job	photographer
user7591	gender	female
user7591	like_activity	cooking
user7591	like_music	frank sinatra
user7591	like_food	cheese
user7591	like_watching	spongebob
user7592	like_sports	soccer
user7592	like_watching	game of thrones
user7592	other	vegan
user7592	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user7593	misc_attribute	friendly
user7593	misc_attribute	crazy
user7593	like_activity	filming
user7593	dislike	death
user7593	has_ability	bad lying
user7594	own	0 television
user7594	has_profession	teacher
user7595	has_hobby	video games
user7595	like_sports	running
user7595	like_goto	park
user7595	favorite_color	green
user7596	has_profession	accountant
user7596	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user7596	like_sports	running
user7596	have_pet	2 dog
user7596	have_vehicle	car
user7597	like_animal	<blank>
user7597	like_goto	animal shelters
user7597	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user7597	have_pet	several
user7598	like_general	natural world beauty
user7598	like_animal	all animals
user7598	like_read	fantasy
user7598	like_activity	hiking
user7599	teach	arts
user7599	has_ability	playing pool
user7599	want_do	<blank>
user7599	want_do	travel
user7599	like_animal	unicorn
user7600	has_profession	rock band
user7600	physical_attribute	long nails
user7600	favorite_color	orange
user7600	have_vehicle	moped
user7601	favorite_color	purple
user7601	has_hobby	swimming
user7601	gender	female
user7601	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user7601	has_degree	masters
user7602	have_vehicle	car
user7602	want_job	astronaut
user7602	favorite	penn and teller
user7602	have_pet	2 dog
user7602	like_food	lasagna
user7603	misc_attribute	unsociable
user7603	misc_attribute	careful
user7603	like_food	sweets
user7603	other	jack of all trades
user7603	gender	male
user7604	other	eat out for food
user7604	physical_attribute	glasses
user7604	have	problems
user7604	like_animal	animals
user7605	have	no television
user7605	like_read	<blank>
user7605	dislike	pizza
user7605	has_profession	teacher
user7606	has_ability	cheap
user7606	other	70 salary
user7606	dislike	work
user7606	have_chidren	1 child
user7607	have	bizarre dreams
user7607	like_music	muggers
user7607	like_activity	surfing
user7607	marital_status	single
user7608	have_chidren	0 children
user7608	marital_status	divorced
user7608	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user7608	misc_attribute	shy
user7608	own	wear glasses
user7609	has_profession	farmer
user7609	like_activity	tailgate parties
user7609	have	girlfriend
user7609	have	never flown on an airplane
user7609	favorite_season	duck hunting
user7610	like_sports	swimming
user7610	like_animal	dog
user7610	favorite_color	purple
user7610	own	home
user7610	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user7611	has_ability	brewing
user7611	have	1 new house
user7611	other	gay
user7611	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user7611	like_activity	making coffee
user7612	like_general	blue
user7612	have_vehicle	car
user7612	like_activity	drawing and painting
user7612	job_status	employed
user7612	own	house
user7613	like_watching	sport
user7613	has_hobby	singing
user7613	like_activity	napping
user7613	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user7614	like_goto	national parks
user7614	has_ability	play instrument
user7614	has_profession	nurse
user7614	have	husband
user7615	like_activity	driving
user7615	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user7615	other	did not know my dad
user7616	have_chidren	2 children
user7616	has_age	30
user7616	marital_status	married
user7616	like_activity	walking
user7616	have_pet	2 <blank>
user7617	attend_school	high school
user7617	has_hobby	travel
user7617	have_family	mother
user7618	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user7618	marital_status	engaged
user7618	like_music	rock
user7618	attend_school	online
user7618	like_food	ice cream
user7619	like_music	guitar
user7619	other	vegan
user7619	like_activity	skateboarding
user7619	like_activity	cycling
user7620	have_chidren	1 daughter
user7620	has_profession	surgeon
user7621	like_goto	outdoors
user7621	place_origin	california
user7621	like_activity	shopping
user7621	school_status	student
user7622	marital_status	married
user7622	have_chidren	children
user7622	misc_attribute	bored
user7622	favorite_food	cheesecake
user7622	own	money
user7623	job_status	employed
user7623	own	house
user7623	have_vehicle	car
user7623	like_general	blue
user7623	like_activity	drawing and painting
user7624	has_hobby	running
user7624	has_hobby	running
user7624	favorite_sport	basketball
user7624	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user7625	like_watching	game of thrones
user7625	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user7625	place_origin	alabama
user7625	like_animal	rabbit
user7626	has_hobby	archery
user7626	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user7626	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user7626	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user7627	has_degree	communications
user7627	other	orphan
user7627	has_hobby	whittling
user7627	employed_by_general	navy
user7627	like_music	folk
user7628	like_activity	swimming
user7628	have_pet	cat
user7628	own	rose garden
user7629	has_profession	nurse
user7629	have	2 smartphones
user7629	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user7629	like_read	<blank>
user7630	physical_attribute	tall
user7630	dislike	country
user7630	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user7630	have	hair
user7631	like_food	shrimp
user7631	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user7631	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user7632	favorite_food	sushi
user7632	favorite_show	friends
user7632	has_profession	<blank>
user7632	have	timeshare
user7633	own	1 bar
user7633	like_activity	smoking
user7633	misc_attribute	competitive
user7633	marital_status	5 divorced
user7633	like_food	eggplant
user7634	want_do	climbing
user7634	have	shot lion
user7634	misc_attribute	sad
user7634	like_activity	sculpting
user7634	has_hobby	artist
user7635	has_profession	manager
user7635	misc_attribute	competitive
user7635	other	name
user7635	has_hobby	bicycling
user7635	like_goto	canada
user7636	have	home
user7636	has_hobby	traveling
user7636	has_profession	programmer
user7636	other	traveling to japan
user7637	physical_attribute	have back pain
user7637	misc_attribute	old soul
user7637	want	voice
user7637	misc_attribute	passionate
user7637	misc_attribute	unstable
user7638	has_age	29
user7638	like_general	going to bed late
user7638	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user7638	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user7639	have	2 tattoos
user7639	employed_by_general	office
user7639	like_activity	shopping
user7639	favorite_hobby	knitting
user7639	have_pet	cat
user7640	like_activity	swimming
user7640	like_drink	coffee
user7640	own	rose garden
user7640	have_pet	cat
user7641	physical_attribute	deaf
user7641	like_sports	tennis
user7641	favorite_place	mall
user7641	marital_status	single
user7641	have_pet	dog
user7642	gender	female
user7642	physical_attribute	blonde
user7642	attend_school	high school
user7642	like_activity	skateboarding
user7643	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user7643	school_status	did not graduate
user7644	favorite_book	middlesex
user7644	favorite_food	italian
user7644	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user7644	has_hobby	working out
user7645	own	trophies
user7645	has_ability	swim fast
user7645	like_activity	running
user7645	like_activity	singing
user7646	has_profession	chef
user7646	place_origin	baton rouge
user7646	have_pet	parrot
user7647	has_ability	driving
user7647	own	suburban
user7647	member_of	hobby club
user7647	like_drink	apple martinis
user7647	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user7648	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user7648	live_in_general	alone
user7648	like_activity	photography
user7648	like_activity	hiking
user7648	has_profession	engineer
user7649	have_pet	1 dog
user7649	live_in_general	los angeles
user7649	want_job	actor
user7649	has_ability	dance and sing
user7649	has_ability	speak language
user7650	physical_attribute	1 arm
user7650	has_profession	farmer
user7650	school_status	graduated
user7650	have_family	sibling
user7651	like_activity	sleeping
user7651	has_profession	author
user7651	physical_attribute	brunette
user7651	like_watching	youtube
user7652	like_food	1 sugar
user7652	have_sibling	sister
user7652	have_vehicle	mercedes
user7652	marital_status	engaged
user7652	has_profession	babysitter
user7653	school_status	graduated
user7653	like_activity	hiking
user7653	has_profession	farmer
user7653	physical_attribute	1 arm
user7653	have_family	sibling
user7654	like_music	blues
user7654	like_activity	saving
user7654	employed_by_general	bar
user7654	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user7654	has_hobby	skiing
user7655	like_activity	going barefoot
user7655	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user7655	has_profession	tutor
user7655	has_hobby	knitting
user7656	has_hobby	skiing
user7656	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user7656	has_hobby	skiing
user7656	has_ability	ski racer
user7657	has_profession	teacher
user7657	misc_attribute	overeat
user7657	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user7657	like_general	kids
user7658	like_general	her
user7658	like_activity	dressing up
user7658	want	procedures
user7658	want	happy
user7659	other	hindu
user7659	attend_school	graduate school
user7659	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user7660	like_general	jokes
user7660	misc_attribute	punctual
user7660	employed_by_general	factory
user7660	has_hobby	volunteer
user7661	like_drink	alcohol
user7661	own	cell phone
user7661	member_of	hobby club
user7661	other	cat person
user7662	like_food	chocolate
user7662	has_profession	teacher
user7662	have_sibling	twin sister
user7662	like_drink	coffee
user7662	has_hobby	yoga
user7663	has_profession	veterinarian
user7663	have_pet	2 dog
user7663	like_animal	dog
user7663	have_pet	2 dog
user7664	like_food	italian cuisine
user7664	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user7664	like_goto	italy
user7664	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7664	has_hobby	yoga
user7665	like_activity	watching television
user7665	attend_school	university
user7665	live_in_general	a home
user7666	want_job	superhero
user7666	has_age	8
user7666	like_read	comics
user7666	other	<blank>
user7666	favorite	superman
user7667	previous_profession	mechanic
user7667	want	join military when younger
user7667	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user7667	has_ability	can build computers
user7668	has_ability	300 speak language
user7668	own	mansion
user7668	want	parents
user7668	dislike	school
user7668	has_profession	business man
user7669	physical_attribute	freckles
user7669	employed_by_general	army
user7669	has_profession	builder
user7669	have_vehicle	prius
user7669	like_read	romance
user7670	misc_attribute	distant
user7670	misc_attribute	reserved
user7670	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user7670	want	food
user7671	has_age	29
user7671	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user7671	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user7671	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user7672	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user7672	favorite_season	summer
user7672	like_music	classic
user7672	like_general	impala
user7672	like_activity	fishing
user7673	place_origin	texas
user7673	favorite	rose
user7673	like_activity	baking
user7673	like_activity	horseback riding
user7674	like_music	bob marley
user7674	misc_attribute	lose control
user7674	dislike	boss
user7675	like_food	takeout
user7675	school_status	graduated
user7675	has_profession	finance
user7675	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user7675	like_general	low taxes
user7676	has_profession	teacher
user7676	favorite_food	french fries
user7676	like_activity	shopping
user7677	has_age	35
user7677	teach	japanese and drawing
user7677	has_profession	teacher
user7677	misc_attribute	accent
user7678	school_status	student
user7678	like_activity	partying
user7678	like_goto	beach
user7678	attend_school	university
user7678	employed_by_general	restaurant
user7679	attend_school	graduate school
user7679	has_hobby	dancing
user7679	attend_school	high school
user7680	have_chidren	grandchildren
user7680	own	upholstery shop
user7680	other	mother
user7680	live_in_general	by a lake
user7680	marital_status	married
user7681	like_sports	football
user7681	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user7681	like_activity	reading
user7682	employed_by_general	laboratory
user7682	other	vegan
user7682	misc_attribute	romantic
user7682	have_sibling	2 brother
user7682	like_activity	sleeping in
user7683	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user7683	favorite_movie	star wars
user7683	have_pet	iguana
user7683	<blank>	<blank>
user7683	like_sports	football
user7684	other	vegetarian
user7684	has_hobby	reading
user7684	employed_by_general	flower shop
user7684	like_animal	cat
user7684	live_in_general	basement
user7685	misc_attribute	aspiring
user7685	like_food	1 restaurant
user7685	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user7685	employed_by_general	bank
user7685	misc_attribute	polite
user7686	has_hobby	geocache
user7686	has_profession	psychologist
user7686	<blank>	play instrument
user7686	like_food	chocolate
user7687	has_ability	writing a novel
user7687	favorite_show	rick and morty
user7687	favorite_color	black
user7687	own	iphone
user7687	dislike	pickle
user7688	like_food	barbecue
user7688	own	home
user7688	has_profession	writer
user7688	like_activity	hunting
user7689	like_activity	gardening
user7689	favorite_food	onion
user7689	physical_attribute	curly
user7689	misc_attribute	independent
user7689	like_general	crystals
user7690	physical_attribute	blonde
user7690	has_hobby	hunting
user7690	like_watching	television
user7690	physical_attribute	thin
user7690	like_general	tigers baseball team
user7691	physical_attribute	eyes
user7691	misc_attribute	above average
user7691	like_general	desert
user7691	like_food	meat
user7692	other	has driven race car
user7692	misc_attribute	personable
user7692	misc_attribute	dishonest
user7692	misc_attribute	physical
user7693	school_status	student
user7693	has_age	15
user7693	like_sports	field hockey
user7693	want_job	veterinarian
user7693	like_animal	dog
user7694	physical_attribute	overweight
user7694	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user7694	physical_attribute	blonde
user7694	has_age	53
user7695	misc_attribute	vain
user7695	like_activity	drawing
user7695	like_activity	cooking
user7695	physical_attribute	curly hair
user7696	marital_status	married
user7696	employed_by_general	distributor
user7696	like_music	taylor swift
user7697	like_watching	plays
user7697	like_animal	dog
user7697	like_general	baking
user7697	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user7698	misc_attribute	moral
user7698	has_hobby	fishing
user7699	favorite_sport	football
user7699	like_activity	working out
user7699	have_vehicle	camper
user7699	has_profession	truck driver
user7699	previous_profession	veteran
user7700	has_ability	film making
user7700	has_hobby	travel
user7700	like_activity	reenactment
user7701	employed_by_general	flower shop
user7701	like_animal	cat
user7701	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user7701	other	vegetarian
user7702	favorite_food	pizza
user7702	like_activity	reading
user7702	like_general	being myself
user7702	has_hobby	walking
user7703	have_family	only child
user7703	like_goto	foreign countries
user7703	like_activity	dancing
user7703	physical_attribute	blonde
user7704	has_ability	visiting
user7704	employed_by_general	grocery store
user7705	like_general	blue
user7705	has_profession	athlete
user7705	like_goto	india
user7705	want_job	explorer
user7706	has_hobby	gymnastics
user7706	dislike	chalk
user7706	have	boyfriend
user7706	have_pet	cat
user7707	want_job	teacher
user7707	place_origin	new york
user7707	school_status	student
user7707	want_do	study abroad in spain
user7707	like_sports	football
user7708	like_activity	sewing
user7708	like_general	katy perry
user7708	have	a few friends
user7708	has_profession	baker
user7709	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user7709	like_watching	netflix
user7709	like_activity	model building
user7709	favorite_food	italian
user7710	like_activity	hiking
user7710	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user7710	has_profession	in marketing
user7710	own	pink hiking boots
user7710	like_music	folk
user7711	have_pet	dog
user7711	marital_status	married
user7711	like_music	charlie daniels
user7711	has_hobby	fishing
user7712	marital_status	single
user7712	favorite_food	pizza
user7712	favorite	subject was science
user7713	has_profession	nurse
user7713	have	2 smartphones
user7713	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user7713	other	vegan
user7714	like_general	winter
user7714	like_general	rain
user7714	have	single bed
user7715	have_chidren	3 children
user7715	like_music	the rolling stones
user7715	like_drink	soda
user7715	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user7716	have_chidren	1 son
user7716	like_activity	walking
user7716	have	bakery
user7716	misc_attribute	funny
user7717	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user7717	like_movie	godfather
user7717	like_food	candy
user7717	physical_attribute	overweight
user7717	gender	male
user7718	have_pet	dog
user7718	like_sports	soccer
user7718	favorite	school subject
user7718	like_read	pride and prejudice
user7719	marital_status	engaged
user7719	employed_by_general	theater
user7719	like_read	history
user7719	like_animal	animals
user7720	want_job	explorer
user7720	like_general	blue
user7720	like_goto	india
user7720	dislike	job
user7720	has_profession	athlete
user7721	physical_attribute	1 arm
user7721	have_family	sibling
user7721	like_activity	hiking
user7721	has_profession	farmer
user7722	like_music	kurt cobain
user7722	like_activity	fashion
user7722	have_family	father
user7722	want	to visit rome
user7722	have	"drivers license"
user7723	has_degree	nursing
user7723	like_general	helping others
user7724	misc_attribute	competitive
user7724	like_food	eggplant
user7724	marital_status	5 divorced
user7724	like_activity	smoking
user7725	dislike	working out
user7725	have_vehicle	bicycle
user7725	has_ability	play instrument
user7725	have	blood sugar problems
user7726	has_hobby	reading
user7726	has_hobby	bird watching
user7726	favorite_drink	pepsi
user7726	like_food	hot dog
user7726	has_profession	librarian
user7727	have_pet	1 lizard
user7727	<blank>	plants
user7727	have_family	only child
user7727	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user7728	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user7728	have_chidren	2 children
user7728	have_chidren	2 children
user7728	have_pet	3 dog
user7728	has_profession	physical therapist
user7729	physical_attribute	long hair
user7729	like_activity	video games
user7729	dislike	1 cooking
user7730	like_activity	sleeping in
user7730	other	vegan
user7730	employed_by_general	laboratory
user7730	have_sibling	2 brother
user7730	misc_attribute	romantic
user7731	other	3 allergies
user7731	favorite_music	metal
user7731	has_profession	commercials
user7731	like_activity	watching television
user7732	want	pot bellied pig
user7732	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user7732	dislike	beauty pageant
user7733	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user7733	like_food	egg
user7733	has_profession	zoologist
user7733	like_read	crime
user7733	favorite_animal	panda
user7734	misc_attribute	healthy
user7734	attend_school	university
user7734	like_sports	football
user7734	has_hobby	exercise
user7734	misc_attribute	social
user7735	dislike	family
user7735	like_food	junk food
user7735	has_hobby	couch potato
user7735	like_watching	horror
user7735	like_general	comics
user7736	have	green nails
user7736	has_degree	masters
user7736	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user7737	own	agency
user7737	marital_status	married
user7737	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user7737	gender	female
user7738	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user7738	attend_school	online
user7738	like_music	rock
user7738	marital_status	engaged
user7738	like_food	ice cream
user7739	misc_attribute	practical
user7739	dislike	bread
user7740	like_goto	restaurant
user7740	like_activity	driving
user7740	like_read	in a series
user7740	like_goto	movie theater
user7740	like_general	to chat with my friends
user7741	has_age	77
user7741	favorite_activity	gardening
user7741	other	am a widow
user7741	like_drink	coffee
user7742	like_activity	video games
user7742	like_activity	racing rc cars
user7742	like_food	fish
user7742	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user7743	has_ability	play instrument
user7743	has_profession	musician
user7743	have_pet	koi
user7743	has_hobby	gardening
user7744	own	1 house
user7744	has_ability	play instrument
user7744	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user7744	has_profession	nurse
user7744	marital_status	single
user7745	have	friends
user7745	like_activity	shopping
user7745	other	debt
user7745	own	bmw
user7746	like_music	all genres
user7746	<blank>	<blank>
user7746	<blank>	<blank>
user7746	like_activity	drawing
user7747	misc_attribute	talkative
user7747	have	braces
user7747	has_hobby	drawing
user7747	want_do	dieting
user7748	has_hobby	soccer
user7748	misc_attribute	team player
user7748	other	42 number is
user7748	favorite	nike cleats
user7749	favorite_music	country
user7749	like_animal	all animals
user7749	previous_profession	actress
user7749	like_general	my job
user7750	like_general	simple jokes
user7750	like_general	simpler times
user7750	like_watching	the flintstones
user7751	has_profession	computer technician
user7751	dislike	spiders
user7751	like_drink	chai tea
user7751	own	black clothes
user7751	have_pet	dog
user7752	has_degree	business
user7752	like_general	spend time with family
user7752	attend_school	university
user7752	like_sports	playing
user7753	like_activity	dancing
user7753	have_family	only child
user7753	like_goto	foreign countries
user7753	have_pet	3 cat
user7754	other	vegan
user7754	favorite_music	country
user7754	like_general	my job
user7754	like_animal	all animals
user7754	previous_profession	actress
user7755	gender	male
user7755	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user7755	live_in_general	wife and kids
user7755	own	farm
user7755	have_pet	3 dog
user7756	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user7756	member_of	hobby club
user7756	has_age	adult
user7756	have	10 tattoos
user7757	employed_by_general	military
user7757	has_age	25
user7757	have_chidren	1 son
user7757	has_hobby	wrestling
user7758	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user7758	has_ability	play instrument
user7758	employed_by_general	university
user7758	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user7759	have	medication
user7759	like_activity	swimming
user7759	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user7759	has_hobby	running
user7759	like_activity	video games
user7760	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user7760	has_profession	writer
user7760	misc_attribute	intelligent
user7760	has_ability	cook
user7760	has_ability	perfect pitch
user7761	favorite	flower is a lily
user7761	has_profession	doctor
user7761	marital_status	single
user7761	like_animal	dog
user7762	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user7762	have_chidren	4 children
user7763	like_goto	beeach
user7763	have_pet	dog
user7763	like_general	job
user7763	previous_profession	technician
user7764	previous_profession	nurse
user7764	like_activity	baking
user7764	has_profession	cartographer
user7764	like_activity	painting
user7765	physical_attribute	tall
user7765	want_do	basketball
user7765	have	knee surgery
user7765	school_status	graduated
user7765	want_do	play
user7766	employed_by_general	large company
user7766	like_food	all
user7766	like_music	rock
user7766	have_vehicle	car
user7766	want	win lottery
user7767	has_profession	pilot
user7767	have_pet	2 dog
user7767	dislike	spiders
user7767	other	parents in the military
user7768	like_music	rap
user7768	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user7768	favorite	california love
user7768	have_vehicle	car
user7768	have_vehicle	car
user7769	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user7769	has_ability	play instrument
user7769	has_hobby	vacation
user7769	has_ability	karate
user7769	like_food	shrimp
user7770	school_status	student
user7770	want_do	raise hell
user7770	misc_attribute	sheltered
user7770	has_age	17
user7770	attend_school	university
user7771	have_chidren	0 children
user7771	own	wear glasses
user7771	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user7771	misc_attribute	shy
user7772	like_music	rock
user7772	other	diabetic
user7772	job_status	unemployed
user7773	want_do	save money
user7773	has_ability	speak language
user7773	like_watching	anime
user7773	dislike	subtitles
user7774	has_profession	police
user7774	dislike	broccoli
user7774	<blank>	<blank>
user7774	have_pet	2 dog
user7775	marital_status	single
user7775	has_profession	teacher
user7775	misc_attribute	accent
user7775	teach	japanese and drawing
user7775	have_pet	dog
user7776	physical_attribute	long hair
user7776	dislike	1 cooking
user7776	have_family	mother
user7776	like_activity	video games
user7777	like_general	spend time with family
user7777	like_sports	playing
user7777	attend_school	university
user7777	has_degree	business
user7778	<blank>	<blank>
user7778	has_ability	play instrument
user7778	live_in_general	alone
user7778	has_profession	scientist
user7778	has_hobby	cooking
user7779	has_hobby	shopping
user7779	like_general	self
user7779	has_hobby	check reflection
user7779	misc_attribute	suspicious
user7779	other	care about way i look
user7780	place_origin	kentucky
user7780	has_hobby	gardening
user7780	other	veteran
user7780	like_read	<blank>
user7781	like_drink	iced tea
user7781	want_job	author
user7781	employed_by_general	bookstore
user7781	has_hobby	writing
user7781	like_goto	museum
user7782	have	2 science classes
user7782	school_status	student
user7782	employed_by_general	library
user7782	live_in_general	home
user7782	other	commutes
user7783	like_watching	youtube
user7783	like_general	lets plays
user7783	favorite_animal	dolphins
user7784	own	a business
user7784	favorite_place	jamaica
user7784	like_activity	traveling
user7784	has_profession	travel agent
user7785	have_vehicle	toyota
user7785	like_drink	pepsi
user7785	favorite	superman
user7786	like_activity	walking
user7786	own	honda civic
user7786	have_chidren	3 children
user7786	other	named after my grandmother
user7786	have	friend
user7787	place_origin	virginia
user7787	has_ability	driving
user7788	has_profession	youtuber
user7788	have_vehicle	car
user7788	has_ability	make videos
user7789	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user7789	dislike	kissing
user7789	misc_attribute	organized
user7789	misc_attribute	above average
user7790	have_chidren	3 children
user7790	physical_attribute	sick
user7790	have_chidren	twins
user7790	physical_attribute	pregnant
user7791	other	mother
user7791	like_food	hummus
user7791	misc_attribute	bipolar
user7791	has_profession	nurse
user7792	like_goto	craft shows
user7792	has_hobby	fashion
user7792	favorite_book	the bible
user7792	has_profession	barista
user7793	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user7793	favorite_drink	1 beer
user7793	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user7793	want_do	10 own horses
user7793	have	90000 dollars
user7794	live_in_general	alone
user7794	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user7794	have_family	<blank>
user7794	dislike	formal situations
user7794	like_activity	hiking
user7795	like_general	pink
user7795	like_general	being outside
user7795	like_food	pasta
user7795	like_activity	swimming
user7795	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user7796	like_general	color: pink
user7796	misc_attribute	distant
user7796	has_profession	yoga instruction
user7797	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user7797	favorite_food	steak
user7797	like_music	opera
user7797	live_in_general	condo
user7798	favorite_animal	monkey
user7798	has_ability	throwing parties
user7798	like_general	strangers
user7798	like_food	honey
user7799	like_general	jokes
user7799	want_do	change the world
user7799	misc_attribute	punctual
user7799	employed_by_general	factory
user7800	has_hobby	singing
user7800	have	brown belt
user7800	have_family	grandmother
user7801	has_hobby	drawing
user7801	want_do	dieting
user7801	misc_attribute	talkative
user7801	have	braces
user7802	have	beard
user7802	live_in_general	a cold location
user7802	like_activity	fishing
user7803	dislike	regular life
user7803	want	be an animal
user7803	other	am curious about space
user7803	dislike	family
user7803	like_music	classical
user7804	like_watching	make up tutorials
user7804	have	50000 subscribers
user7804	has_hobby	youtube
user7804	attend_school	beauty classes
user7804	has_ability	make up
user7805	has_ability	0 run very fast
user7805	favorite_drink	coffee
user7805	physical_attribute	skinny
user7805	have_vehicle	car
user7805	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user7806	like_food	cheetos
user7806	like_activity	skiing
user7806	have	4 visited mexico
user7806	dislike	mexican food
user7807	like_sports	playing
user7807	attend_school	university
user7807	has_degree	business
user7807	like_general	spend time with family
user7808	own	bmw
user7808	marital_status	single
user7808	other	debt
user7808	like_activity	shopping
user7809	has_ability	sorting books
user7809	attend_school	university
user7809	want_job	journalist
user7809	like_read	fantasy
user7810	have	red purse
user7810	<blank>	<blank>
user7810	like_general	red shoes
user7810	have_vehicle	car
user7811	like_general	cold winters
user7811	want	live in iceland
user7811	want	something interesting
user7811	want	to be able to write in cursive
user7812	like_music	madonna
user7812	like_music	10 concerts
user7812	like_music	any
user7813	live_in_general	alone
user7813	other	"dont believe in love"
user7813	has_profession	author
user7813	has_hobby	shopping
user7814	want_do	speak language
user7814	own	computer
user7814	like_activity	learning
user7814	like_watching	foreign
user7815	job_status	unemployed
user7815	misc_attribute	confident
user7815	want	botos
user7815	attend_school	university
user7816	like_general	cars
user7816	like_activity	roleplay
user7816	dislike	all
user7817	have_pet	dog
user7817	misc_attribute	smart
user7817	want	money
user7818	has_hobby	shopping
user7818	live_in_general	alone
user7818	other	"dont believe in love"
user7818	<blank>	<blank>
user7818	has_profession	author
user7819	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user7819	misc_attribute	intelligent
user7819	has_ability	cook
user7819	has_profession	writer
user7819	has_ability	perfect pitch
user7820	like_general	colors
user7820	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user7820	has_profession	mortician
user7820	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user7821	has_age	21
user7821	have_chidren	twins
user7821	physical_attribute	sick
user7821	have_chidren	3 children
user7821	physical_attribute	pregnant
user7822	like_food	french fries
user7822	want	medication
user7822	like_music	queens of the stone age
user7822	own	olympic medal
user7823	like_activity	working out
user7823	have_vehicle	camper
user7823	previous_profession	veteran
user7823	has_profession	truck driver
user7823	favorite_sport	football
user7824	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user7824	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user7824	marital_status	single
user7824	dislike	coworker
user7825	school_status	student
user7825	has_age	20
user7825	like_food	pasta
user7825	has_hobby	1 reading
user7825	employed_by_general	hospital
user7826	like_general	taking her to the park
user7826	live_in_general	apartment
user7826	have_chidren	daughter
user7827	has_hobby	singing
user7827	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user7827	like_activity	napping
user7827	like_watching	sport
user7828	like_general	red
user7828	physical_attribute	short
user7828	other	relative
user7828	have_pet	dog
user7828	job_status	seeking employment
user7829	have_pet	dog
user7829	favorite	holiday is halloween
user7829	like_drink	milk shakes
user7829	own	bike
user7829	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user7830	has_profession	at bar
user7830	like_music	country
user7830	has_ability	play instrument
user7830	has_ability	cook
user7831	other	lactose intolerant
user7831	like_food	gummy bears
user7831	have	3 roommate
user7831	favorite_color	orange
user7832	other	70 salary
user7832	have_chidren	1 child
user7832	dislike	work
user7832	has_ability	cheap
user7833	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user7833	physical_attribute	round
user7833	physical_attribute	short
user7833	misc_attribute	smart
user7834	school_status	will study computer science
user7834	like_activity	video games
user7834	school_status	graduated
user7834	other	vegetarian
user7834	school_status	student
user7835	has_profession	librarian
user7835	like_food	italian cuisine
user7835	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user7835	like_music	concerts
user7836	school_status	student
user7836	attend_school	graduate school
user7836	like_food	sushi
user7836	has_hobby	cooking
user7837	have_pet	4 cat
user7837	other	vegetarian
user7837	job_status	employed
user7837	have_sibling	sister
user7838	dislike	family
user7838	like_food	junk food
user7838	like_general	comics
user7838	like_watching	horror
user7838	has_hobby	couch potato
user7839	favorite_animal	koala
user7839	dislike	beer
user7839	other	lives with a roommate
user7839	job_status	employed
user7840	like_activity	running
user7840	have_chidren	2 children
user7840	job_status	employed
user7840	favorite_movie	16 candles
user7840	like_food	cheesecake
user7841	have_pet	2 dog
user7841	favorite_drink	red wine
user7841	have_chidren	1 child
user7841	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user7842	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user7842	dislike	country and jazz music
user7842	favorite_book	middlesex
user7842	favorite_food	italian
user7842	has_hobby	working out
user7843	physical_attribute	brunette
user7843	have_pet	1 cat
user7843	physical_attribute	overweight
user7843	physical_attribute	short
user7843	like_activity	sewing
user7844	like_activity	cooking
user7844	want_job	baker
user7844	has_profession	9 to 5
user7844	has_hobby	volunteer
user7845	has_hobby	watching movies
user7845	like_food	fast food
user7845	misc_attribute	tired
user7845	have_chidren	children
user7846	have_pet	3 cat
user7846	misc_attribute	funny
user7846	like_food	candy
user7846	has_profession	package delivery
user7846	have_vehicle	honda
user7847	has_hobby	photography
user7847	<blank>	<blank>
user7847	has_profession	chef
user7847	like_activity	traveling
user7848	school_status	student
user7848	employed_by_general	library
user7848	live_in_general	home
user7848	have	2 science classes
user7849	other	am frugal
user7849	dislike	swimsuits
user7849	favorite_season	winter
user7850	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user7850	like_music	metal
user7850	have_chidren	2 son
user7850	has_profession	teacher
user7851	favorite	halo 3
user7851	like_activity	singing
user7851	<blank>	<blank>
user7851	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user7852	have	obsession with dog
user7852	has_hobby	cooking
user7852	school_status	graduate student
user7852	like_goto	beach
user7852	other	am the best aunt
user7853	have_pet	3 pets
user7853	like_goto	gym
user7853	other	dieting
user7853	like_animal	<blank>
user7854	like_activity	fashion
user7854	like_music	kurt cobain
user7854	want	to visit rome
user7854	have	"drivers license"
user7855	other	vegetarian
user7855	school_status	graduated
user7855	like_animal	dog
user7855	like_activity	shopping
user7856	like_activity	drawing
user7856	other	vegan
user7856	favorite_food	taco
user7856	school_status	student
user7856	place_origin	france
user7857	has_hobby	hunting
user7857	have_chidren	children
user7857	like_sports	basketball
user7857	marital_status	not married
user7858	have_chidren	2 children
user7858	job_status	employed
user7858	dislike	cleaning
user7858	physical_attribute	brunette
user7859	like_music	imagine dragons
user7859	like_activity	running
user7859	like_activity	fly model airplane
user7859	has_hobby	kayaking
user7860	like_goto	league
user7860	has_hobby	football
user7860	member_of	sports team
user7860	misc_attribute	determined
user7861	school_status	did not graduate
user7861	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user7862	like_music	the story so far
user7862	employed_by_general	online
user7862	previous_profession	musician
user7862	previous_profession	factory worker
user7862	like_food	meat
user7863	other	birth date
user7863	has_ability	baking
user7864	<blank>	<blank>
user7864	like_animal	dog
user7864	like_activity	cooking
user7864	misc_attribute	happy
user7865	has_hobby	traveling
user7865	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user7865	attend_school	university
user7865	like_goto	broadway shows
user7865	like_sports	steelers
user7866	other	christian
user7866	favorite_book	stephen king
user7866	favorite_movie	horror
user7866	like_activity	reading
user7867	nationality	canada
user7867	like_activity	video games
user7867	have_pet	2 cat
user7867	favorite_sport	soccer
user7868	like_read	history
user7868	like_animal	animals
user7868	marital_status	engaged
user7868	employed_by_general	theater
user7869	marital_status	married
user7869	has_age	30
user7869	like_activity	walking
user7869	have_chidren	2 children
user7869	have_pet	2 <blank>
user7870	gender	male
user7870	like_food	sweets
user7870	other	jack of all trades
user7870	misc_attribute	unsociable
user7870	misc_attribute	careful
user7871	have	5 grandchildren
user7871	<blank>	<blank>
user7871	like_activity	fishing
user7871	have_vehicle	boat
user7871	gender	70 male
user7872	place_origin	kansas
user7872	have_chidren	3 daughter
user7872	like_activity	scuba diving
user7872	has_profession	police
user7873	favorite_animal	fish
user7873	has_hobby	fishing
user7873	have_vehicle	boat
user7873	like_food	tuna
user7873	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user7874	like_activity	surfing
user7874	like_general	snow
user7874	employed_by_general	hotel
user7875	have_family	only child
user7875	like_food	spicy
user7875	like_sports	swimming
user7876	have_pet	2 cat
user7876	want	more iron in my diet
user7876	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user7876	like_food	kale
user7877	school_status	student
user7877	own	hair
user7877	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user7878	like_goto	beach
user7878	nationality	united states
user7878	like_food	pizza
user7879	favorite_color	yellow
user7879	want_job	architect
user7879	like_music	80 s music
user7879	has_profession	wedding planner
user7879	like_general	ghost
user7880	have_chidren	4 children
user7880	like_food	ice cream
user7880	have_chidren	children
user7880	marital_status	married
user7880	has_age	50
user7881	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user7881	has_profession	nurse
user7881	like_read	<blank>
user7881	employed_by_general	hospital
user7882	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user7882	like_animal	lizard
user7882	school_status	student
user7883	employed_by_general	<blank>
user7883	has_hobby	yoga
user7883	like_goto	italy
user7883	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user7883	like_food	italian
user7884	has_hobby	basketball
user7884	has_profession	athlete
user7884	has_profession	basketball player
user7884	has_profession	basketball player
user7884	attend_school	university of north carolina
user7885	physical_attribute	attractive
user7885	have	allergies
user7885	like_animal	cat
user7885	dislike	dust
user7885	physical_attribute	red skin
user7886	has_ability	play instrument
user7886	like_music	system of a down
user7886	other	vegan
user7886	own	9 guitars
user7887	attend_school	university
user7887	has_hobby	traveling
user7887	has_profession	construction
user7887	favorite_food	ice cream
user7888	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user7888	like_music	metal
user7888	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user7888	have_chidren	2 son
user7889	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user7889	have_vehicle	car
user7889	has_profession	accountant
user7889	like_sports	running
user7890	like_general	blue
user7890	like_food	pizza
user7890	has_age	20
user7890	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7891	like_music	kurt cobain
user7891	have_family	father
user7891	want	to visit rome
user7891	have	"drivers license"
user7892	like_movie	magic mike
user7892	like_activity	singing
user7892	like_activity	video games
user7892	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user7893	own	wear glasses
user7893	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user7893	have_chidren	0 children
user7893	misc_attribute	shy
user7893	marital_status	divorced
user7894	like_food	vegetables
user7894	like_activity	gardening
user7894	has_age	71
user7895	want_job	teacher
user7895	attend_school	university
user7895	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7896	attend_school	graduate school
user7896	other	hindu
user7896	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user7896	marital_status	divorced
user7897	favorite_sport	rugby
user7897	like_watching	sport
user7897	own	car
user7897	has_hobby	working out
user7898	misc_attribute	practical
user7898	dislike	bread
user7899	has_age	19
user7899	live_in_general	near celebrities
user7899	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user7900	favorite_activity	float the river
user7900	favorite_activity	fishing
user7900	has_ability	running
user7901	has_hobby	singing
user7901	favorite_color	yellow
user7901	like_activity	skiing
user7902	want_do	photography
user7902	like_general	social media
user7902	misc_attribute	sensitive
user7902	place_origin	austin
user7903	want	a real dragon
user7903	misc_attribute	dirty
user7903	like_activity	video games
user7903	have_pet	cat
user7903	own	suspenders
user7904	other	have never been on the west coast
user7904	other	was on the news
user7905	like_watching	sunsets
user7905	dislike	red meat
user7905	live_in_general	near the ocean
user7905	like_sports	surfing
user7906	has_profession	graphic designer
user7906	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user7906	want_job	animator
user7906	like_music	classical
user7906	has_profession	designer
user7907	like_activity	partying
user7907	like_goto	beach
user7907	employed_by_general	restaurant
user7907	attend_school	university
user7908	favorite_food	shrimp
user7908	like_food	pumpkins
user7908	favorite	third-party softtware
user7908	like_activity	watching videos
user7908	have_pet	dog
user7909	employed_by_general	grocery store
user7909	like_read	<blank>
user7909	like_food	cupcakes
user7909	like_general	blue
user7910	like_sports	boston celtics
user7910	like_food	chocolate
user7910	employed_by_general	a small
user7910	have_sibling	6 sister
user7910	like_activity	walking
user7911	<blank>	seeking employment
user7911	have_family	grandmother
user7911	favorite_color	red orange
user7911	like_watching	horror
user7912	other	orphan
user7912	has_degree	communications
user7912	like_music	folk
user7912	employed_by_general	navy
user7912	has_hobby	whittling
user7913	job_status	unemployed
user7913	like_sports	swimming
user7913	dislike	0 taco
user7913	physical_attribute	bald
user7914	like_music	kurt cobain
user7914	dislike	dad
user7914	have	"drivers license"
user7914	like_activity	fashion
user7915	has_profession	basketball player
user7915	attend_school	university of north carolina
user7915	has_profession	basketball player
user7915	has_hobby	basketball
user7915	has_profession	athlete
user7916	favorite_activity	fishing
user7916	has_ability	running
user7916	favorite_activity	float the river
user7916	like_food	ice cream
user7917	job_status	employed
user7917	want_job	doctor
user7917	job_status	employed
user7917	has_profession	waiter
user7918	attend_school	university
user7918	like_activity	painting
user7918	want_do	painting
user7918	physical_attribute	blonde
user7919	has_ability	play instrument
user7919	has_ability	play instrument
user7919	have_pet	1 dog
user7920	has_hobby	traveling
user7920	place_origin	beach
user7920	like_food	pizza
user7920	like_animal	dog
user7921	misc_attribute	anxious
user7921	dislike	alcohol
user7921	like_sports	football
user7921	attend_school	alabama university
user7921	have	girlfriend
user7922	like_activity	go karting
user7922	has_ability	play instrument
user7922	own	george foreman grill
user7922	dislike	fast food
user7923	dislike	science
user7923	favorite_color	purple
user7923	has_ability	drive
user7923	job_status	seeking employment
user7924	have	high speed internet
user7924	has_hobby	walking
user7924	has_profession	security guard
user7924	has_hobby	chess
user7925	dislike	jokes
user7925	like_general	simple jokes
user7925	like_watching	the flintstones
user7925	like_general	simpler times
user7926	has_age	25
user7926	has_profession	cashier
user7926	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user7926	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user7927	like_general	red
user7927	like_general	headsets
user7927	have_family	parents
user7927	own	phone
user7927	like_activity	travel
user7928	have	single bed
user7928	like_general	winter
user7928	have_vehicle	van
user7929	other	mother 2 daughters
user7929	misc_attribute	angry
user7929	like_activity	rock climbing
user7930	like_activity	cosplay
user7930	like_activity	watching television
user7930	job_status	employed
user7930	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user7930	favorite_show	game of thrones
user7931	employed_by_general	diner
user7931	like_activity	singing
user7931	has_ability	to be late
user7931	own	cupcake business
user7932	have_chidren	2 children
user7932	has_profession	teacher
user7932	have_pet	2 dog
user7933	have_pet	3 dog
user7933	like_activity	fishing
user7933	want	someone
user7933	like_activity	cooking
user7934	live_in_general	country
user7934	have_pet	horse
user7934	physical_attribute	pregnant
user7935	dislike	punching clocks
user7935	like_activity	playing the lottery
user7935	have	money
user7935	has_hobby	gambling
user7936	has_profession	businessman
user7936	have_chidren	2 children
user7936	like_activity	singing
user7937	like_food	cheese
user7937	like_watching	ufc fights
user7937	employed_by_general	factory
user7937	like_activity	travel
user7938	has_hobby	walking
user7938	favorite	mileena
user7938	have	something purple
user7938	want	educated
user7939	has_profession	construction
user7939	favorite_food	ice cream
user7939	has_hobby	traveling
user7939	attend_school	university
user7940	like_general	jokes
user7940	want_do	change the world
user7940	misc_attribute	punctual
user7940	employed_by_general	factory
user7941	have	friend
user7941	want_do	move out
user7941	want	money
user7941	school_status	student
user7942	physical_attribute	tall
user7942	school_status	graduated
user7942	want_do	play
user7942	want_do	basketball
user7942	have	knee surgery
user7943	like_food	pickled eggs
user7943	like_activity	hiking
user7943	like_sports	volley ball
user7943	like_activity	doing nails
user7943	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user7944	teach	arts
user7944	has_ability	playing pool
user7944	want_do	<blank>
user7944	want_do	travel
user7944	like_animal	unicorns
user7945	have_family	<blank>
user7945	want	be an animal
user7945	other	am curious about space
user7945	dislike	regular life
user7946	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user7946	favorite_activity	robotics
user7946	live_in_general	rural
user7946	employed_by_company	amazon
user7947	favorite_animal	zebra
user7947	attend_school	preschool
user7947	like_activity	outdoors
user7947	gender	female
user7947	like_activity	dance
user7948	has_profession	chef
user7948	like_activity	cooking
user7948	has_hobby	movies
user7948	want_job	restauranteur
user7949	like_activity	programming
user7949	want_job	company owner
user7949	school_status	student
user7949	misc_attribute	night owl
user7950	attend_school	miami university
user7950	has_profession	baseball player
user7950	have_chidren	3 children
user7950	job_status	employed
user7951	like_activity	shopping
user7951	like_goto	outdoors
user7951	place_origin	california
user7951	school_status	student
user7951	like_general	recycling
user7952	have_family	grandmother
user7952	have	brown belt
user7953	have_family	1 father
user7953	have_pet	cat
user7953	has_profession	editing
user7953	misc_attribute	anxious
user7953	live_in_general	"parents house"
user7954	favorite_color	purple
user7954	like_activity	ballet
user7954	like_activity	video games
user7954	physical_attribute	blonde
user7955	like_food	blue jello
user7955	job_status	employed
user7955	dislike	asparagus
user7955	physical_attribute	long red hair
user7955	have_pet	10 cat
user7956	has_ability	baking
user7956	attend_school	law school
user7956	other	birth date
user7957	like_activity	cooking
user7957	like_activity	singing
user7957	job_status	employed
user7957	have	a girlfriend
user7957	other	am lesbian
user7958	place_origin	deep south
user7958	like_general	blue
user7958	dislike	seafood
user7958	like_activity	hunting
user7959	like_music	dream theater
user7959	like_activity	walking
user7959	favorite_food	pizza
user7959	like_activity	reading
user7959	like_general	being myself
user7960	other	vegetarian
user7960	like_food	meat
user7960	have	house
user7960	misc_attribute	lazy
user7961	physical_attribute	attractive
user7961	physical_attribute	red skin
user7961	have	allergies
user7961	like_animal	cat
user7962	previous_profession	nurse
user7962	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user7962	have_pet	cat
user7962	like_activity	cooking
user7963	have	nickname
user7963	want	to take over the world
user7963	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user7964	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user7964	like_music	folk
user7964	own	pink hiking boots
user7964	like_activity	hiking
user7964	has_profession	in marketing
user7965	other	vegetarian
user7965	like_activity	video games
user7965	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user7965	school_status	will study computer science
user7965	school_status	graduated
user7966	misc_attribute	argumentative
user7966	misc_attribute	lust
user7966	like_food	cakes
user7966	has_hobby	collecting
user7966	physical_attribute	hears voices
user7967	marital_status	engaged
user7967	marital_status	engaged
user7967	marital_status	engaged
user7968	attend_school	high school
user7968	have_chidren	1 child
user7968	own	company
user7968	has_ability	cheap
user7969	like_read	crime
user7969	has_profession	zoologist
user7969	favorite_animal	panda
user7969	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user7970	has_age	22
user7970	has_degree	education
user7970	like_general	children
user7970	job_status	employed
user7970	job_status	employed
user7971	physical_attribute	overweight
user7971	physical_attribute	tall
user7971	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user7971	has_profession	designer
user7971	like_activity	larp
user7972	like_music	one direction
user7972	place_origin	colorado
user7972	like_activity	skiing
user7972	like_activity	hiking
user7972	like_general	the weather
user7973	like_activity	photography
user7973	have_sibling	2 brother
user7973	other	youngest
user7973	school_status	student
user7974	has_profession	actor
user7974	has_profession	actor
user7974	previous_profession	actor
user7974	has_hobby	filmmaking
user7974	has_profession	actor
user7975	like_general	red
user7975	favorite_food	hamburger
user7975	has_profession	accountant
user7975	has_hobby	tennis
user7976	like_music	rock
user7976	like_sports	basketball
user7976	favorite_color	green
user7976	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user7977	want	go to mars
user7977	has_hobby	martial arts
user7977	has_profession	scientist
user7977	have_chidren	3 children
user7977	has_hobby	art
user7978	physical_attribute	strong
user7978	like_animal	cat
user7978	school_status	student
user7978	misc_attribute	athletic
user7979	like_activity	smoking
user7979	misc_attribute	competitive
user7979	marital_status	5 divorced
user7979	own	1 bar
user7980	favorite	nike cleats
user7980	misc_attribute	team player
user7980	has_hobby	soccer
user7980	has_hobby	goalie
user7981	have_family	1 father
user7981	misc_attribute	anxious
user7981	live_in_general	"parents house"
user7981	have_pet	cat
user7981	has_profession	editing
user7982	have_pet	cat
user7982	want_do	traveling
user7982	like_activity	cooking
user7983	like_activity	singing
user7983	has_profession	businessman
user7983	have_chidren	2 children
user7984	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user7984	have	thoughts
user7984	has_hobby	writing
user7984	has_hobby	found blogs
user7985	like_activity	running
user7985	favorite_activity	cooking
user7985	has_ability	swim fast
user7985	own	trophies
user7985	like_activity	singing
user7986	like_animal	dog
user7986	like_activity	walking
user7986	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user7986	like_watching	plays
user7986	like_general	baking
user7987	have_family	step dad
user7987	like_general	cardigans
user7987	dislike	dad
user7987	misc_attribute	unsure
user7987	have	last name is spanish
user7988	has_profession	driver
user7988	have_chidren	2 children
user7988	favorite_hobby	baseball
user7988	has_hobby	camping
user7988	has_profession	truck driver
user7989	like_general	having my back scratched
user7989	physical_attribute	allergic
user7989	have	1 shoes
user7989	favorite	eat at restaurant
user7990	teach	children
user7990	other	vegan
user7990	misc_attribute	ocd
user7990	member_of	church
user7991	have_vehicle	convertible
user7991	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user7991	own	personal religion
user7991	other	believe in ghosts
user7991	have_pet	4 dog
user7992	have_pet	2 cat
user7992	like_goto	local animal shelter
user7992	has_hobby	hunting
user7992	have_chidren	2 children
user7993	physical_attribute	buff
user7993	has_hobby	video games
user7993	marital_status	married
user7993	employed_by_general	warehouse
user7994	like_food	fruit
user7994	favorite_food	apple
user7994	like_food	apple
user7994	like_food	apple
user7995	has_profession	car maker
user7995	have	money
user7995	like_sports	water ski
user7995	like_food	macaroni
user7996	live_in_general	near celebrities
user7996	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user7996	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user7996	has_age	19
user7997	like_general	blue
user7997	job_status	employed
user7997	marital_status	married
user7997	school_status	student
user7997	like_goto	beach
user7998	want_do	skydiving
user7998	other	character
user7998	job_status	internship
user7999	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user7999	has_hobby	walking
user7999	other	vegan
user7999	like_animal	animals
user8000	like_activity	video games
user8000	like_activity	ballet
user8000	physical_attribute	blonde
user8000	favorite_color	purple
user8001	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user8001	have_family	parents
user8001	want	any car
user8001	attend_school	in a year
user8001	has_age	18
user8002	misc_attribute	lively
user8002	misc_attribute	skeptical
user8002	has_ability	fast typer
user8002	like_general	color red
user8003	physical_attribute	short
user8003	misc_attribute	smart
user8003	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user8003	like_activity	reading
user8004	place_origin	california
user8004	like_activity	shopping
user8004	school_status	student
user8004	like_goto	outdoors
user8005	have_pet	cat
user8005	has_ability	make videos
user8005	has_profession	youtuber
user8005	have_vehicle	car
user8006	has_profession	legal assistant
user8006	like_read	female authors
user8006	like_general	activism
user8006	like_activity	activist work
user8007	school_status	student
user8007	want_do	move out
user8007	have	friend
user8007	want	money
user8008	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8008	have	1 rose tattoo
user8008	like_general	silver
user8008	have	tattoos
user8008	school_status	student
user8009	like_drink	alcohol
user8009	member_of	hobby club
user8009	own	cell phone
user8009	other	cat person
user8010	like_music	perfect playlist
user8010	like_activity	basketball
user8010	like_general	the night
user8010	have	phone
user8010	like_activity	shopping
user8011	like_activity	socialize
user8011	have_chidren	5 children
user8011	like_activity	drawing
user8011	like_general	gadgets
user8011	like_general	babies
user8012	has_profession	pilot
user8012	have_sibling	twin sister
user8012	favorite_food	fried chicken
user8013	place_origin	london
user8013	job_status	employed
user8013	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user8013	like_activity	painting
user8013	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user8014	marital_status	single
user8014	like_read	<blank>
user8014	has_profession	doctor
user8014	favorite	flower is a lily
user8015	have_family	mother
user8015	dislike	future
user8015	other	adopted
user8015	have	6 siblings
user8016	has_hobby	fishing
user8016	favorite_animal	fish
user8016	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user8016	have_vehicle	boat
user8017	favorite_food	steak
user8017	like_music	rock
user8017	has_ability	not swim
user8017	own	chevy tahoe
user8018	has_ability	play instrument
user8018	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user8018	other	omar
user8018	have_sibling	brother
user8019	like_food	fried
user8019	other	six months to live
user8019	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user8020	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user8020	place_origin	baltimore
user8020	physical_attribute	thin
user8020	has_profession	0 clerk
user8021	have_vehicle	lexus
user8021	have_pet	dog
user8021	dislike	math
user8021	attend_school	university
user8021	favorite_hobby	dancing
user8022	has_profession	teacher
user8022	like_read	<blank>
user8023	employed_by_company	amazon
user8023	live_in_general	rural
user8023	other	conservative
user8023	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user8023	favorite_activity	robotics
user8024	have_sibling	3 sibling
user8024	job_status	employed
user8024	other	has not left country
user8024	other	<blank>
user8024	has_hobby	hiking
user8025	misc_attribute	confused
user8025	favorite	iphone
user8025	like_activity	hiking
user8025	has_profession	banker
user8026	employed_by_general	factory
user8026	want_do	change the world
user8026	has_hobby	volunteer
user8026	misc_attribute	punctual
user8026	like_general	jokes
user8027	job_status	employed
user8027	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user8027	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user8027	other	catholic
user8028	have_vehicle	prius
user8028	employed_by_general	army
user8028	physical_attribute	freckles
user8028	has_profession	builder
user8029	like_drink	coffee
user8029	like_music	pink
user8029	want_job	aide
user8029	job_status	employed
user8030	want_do	retire to florida
user8030	has_hobby	musician
user8030	own	music store
user8030	other	like to help animals
user8031	like_food	macaroni
user8031	has_profession	car maker
user8031	like_sports	water ski
user8031	have	money
user8031	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user8032	like_music	country
user8032	like_read	<blank>
user8032	school_status	student
user8032	like_animal	animals
user8032	other	vegan
user8033	attend_school	graduate school
user8033	school_status	student
user8033	like_food	sushi
user8034	like_general	colors
user8034	has_profession	mortician
user8034	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user8034	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user8034	want_do	pilot
user8035	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user8035	school_status	did not graduate
user8036	misc_attribute	wild
user8036	have_chidren	grandchildren
user8036	like_music	classical
user8036	has_profession	pharmacist
user8036	has_hobby	quilting
user8037	like_activity	surfing
user8037	like_music	country
user8037	has_profession	at bar
user8037	has_ability	cook
user8038	other	vegetarian
user8038	like_animal	dog
user8038	school_status	graduated
user8038	like_activity	shopping
user8039	like_music	charlie daniels
user8039	has_hobby	fishing
user8039	place_origin	tennessee
user8039	have_pet	dog
user8040	favorite_music	metal
user8040	marital_status	engaged
user8040	like_activity	working out
user8041	like_general	cartoons
user8041	have_family	mother
user8041	like_goto	water
user8041	like_general	audiobookms
user8042	previous_profession	not stated
user8042	has_ability	swim
user8042	like_food	meat
user8042	like_general	anime
user8043	favorite_show	face off
user8043	misc_attribute	organized
user8043	have_chidren	children
user8043	like_activity	cooking
user8043	like_activity	running
user8044	has_hobby	water sports
user8044	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user8044	physical_attribute	tall
user8044	like_general	red
user8045	dislike	driving
user8045	other	deaf man
user8045	like_general	scratching
user8045	like_activity	reading
user8045	favorite	number is 7
user8046	like_activity	sewing
user8046	physical_attribute	overweight
user8046	physical_attribute	brunette
user8046	physical_attribute	short
user8047	have_chidren	5 children
user8047	like_general	babies
user8047	like_activity	socialize
user8047	like_activity	drawing
user8048	like_activity	mountain biking
user8048	like_activity	hiking
user8048	has_hobby	environmentalist
user8048	like_activity	traveling
user8049	like_general	boots
user8049	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user8049	<blank>	<blank>
user8049	like_general	leather clothes
user8050	job_status	employed
user8050	like_read	<blank>
user8050	other	vegan
user8050	like_music	country
user8050	like_goto	beach
user8051	like_sports	swimming
user8051	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user8051	like_food	spicy
user8051	have_family	only child
user8052	like_activity	helping
user8052	job_status	retired
user8052	favorite_food	pasta
user8052	live_in_general	rural area
user8053	like_activity	art projects
user8053	like_general	family
user8053	marital_status	married
user8053	gender	female
user8053	like_activity	traveling
user8054	has_ability	play instrument
user8054	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user8054	like_food	cake
user8054	have_pet	2 dog
user8055	has_profession	computer technician
user8055	dislike	spiders
user8055	own	black clothes
user8055	have_pet	dog
user8056	like_food	pickled eggs
user8056	like_activity	hiking
user8056	like_activity	doing nails
user8056	like_sports	volley ball
user8056	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user8057	favorite_color	orange
user8057	other	vegan
user8057	has_profession	barista
user8057	have_pet	cat
user8058	like_general	littlest things
user8058	dislike	riding the bus
user8058	job_status	employed
user8059	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user8059	have_chidren	2 son
user8059	like_music	metal
user8059	has_profession	teacher
user8059	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user8060	school_status	student
user8060	like_food	pasta
user8060	like_food	cookies
user8060	like_food	ice cream
user8061	like_watching	game of thrones
user8061	place_origin	alabama
user8061	like_animal	rabbit
user8062	favorite	california love
user8062	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user8062	like_music	rap
user8062	have_vehicle	car
user8063	job_status	employed
user8063	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user8063	have	nickname
user8063	other	have never ate candy
user8064	has_hobby	baseball
user8064	has_profession	doctor
user8064	have_chidren	2 children
user8065	other	disappointment
user8065	have_family	sibling
user8065	want_do	travel
user8065	like_animal	parrot
user8066	like_music	10 concerts
user8066	like_music	any
user8066	like_music	madonna
user8066	employed_by_general	retailer
user8067	has_profession	pediatrician
user8067	misc_attribute	family man
user8067	marital_status	married
user8067	have_family	<blank>
user8067	like_activity	bowling
user8068	have	glasses
user8068	like_read	twilight
user8068	attend_school	elementary
user8068	dislike	skiing
user8069	has_hobby	traveling
user8069	like_activity	swimming
user8069	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user8069	has_hobby	traveling
user8070	want	child
user8070	other	mother
user8070	like_food	hummus
user8070	has_profession	nurse
user8071	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user8071	job_status	employed
user8071	has_hobby	building furniture
user8072	employed_by_company	navy
user8072	favorite_show	the voice
user8072	like_sports	swimming
user8072	like_read	<blank>
user8073	like_activity	baking
user8073	like_activity	laughing
user8073	like_general	shoes
user8074	like_read	mystery
user8074	like_goto	beach
user8074	nationality	united states
user8075	has_hobby	reading
user8075	misc_attribute	witty
user8075	like_activity	dance
user8075	other	vegetarian
user8075	like_animal	sharks
user8076	physical_attribute	blonde
user8076	physical_attribute	thin
user8076	like_watching	television
user8076	has_hobby	hunting
user8077	dislike	swimsuit
user8077	favorite_season	winter
user8078	dislike	fashion
user8078	misc_attribute	am happy
user8078	has_profession	waitress
user8078	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user8079	want_job	artist
user8079	has_hobby	couponing
user8079	like_general	saving money
user8079	like_activity	shopping
user8080	has_profession	design video games
user8080	dislike	broccoli
user8080	favorite_music	rock
user8080	dislike	afraid of the dark
user8081	has_age	10
user8081	like_animal	dogs and cats
user8081	live_in_general	house
user8081	have	friends
user8082	like_activity	video games
user8082	live_in_general	bed
user8082	employed_by_general	home
user8082	have_pet	<blank>
user8083	like_activity	bathing
user8083	like_activity	working out
user8083	have_pet	dog
user8084	marital_status	engaged
user8084	physical_attribute	red hair
user8084	has_hobby	dancing
user8084	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user8085	dislike	formal situations
user8085	misc_attribute	stubborn
user8085	live_in_general	alone
user8085	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user8086	like_watching	sport
user8086	other	vegan
user8086	like_sports	hockey
user8086	has_hobby	yoga
user8086	want	be millionaire
user8087	like_general	remodelling homes
user8087	favorite	halloween
user8087	like_activity	hunting
user8087	like_sports	archery
user8087	like_activity	shopping
user8088	have_pet	2 dog
user8088	marital_status	single
user8088	has_age	30
user8088	job_status	employed
user8088	has_ability	security guard
user8089	has_profession	teacher
user8089	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user8089	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user8089	have_chidren	2 son
user8090	like_activity	travel
user8090	other	was on the news
user8090	other	have never been on the west coast
user8091	live_in_general	wife and kids
user8091	have_pet	3 dog
user8091	own	farm
user8091	gender	male
user8092	have_pet	dog
user8092	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user8092	like_read	books
user8093	has_ability	bad lying
user8093	like_activity	filming
user8093	misc_attribute	friendly
user8093	misc_attribute	crazy
user8093	dislike	death
user8094	like_activity	working out
user8094	like_activity	cooking
user8094	like_activity	going to bars
user8094	job_status	retired
user8094	like_activity	dating women
user8095	like_animal	panda
user8095	other	vegetarian
user8095	like_sports	surfing
user8095	want_do	open a business
user8096	dislike	acting
user8096	have_vehicle	ferrari
user8096	have_family	3 ex wives
user8096	dislike	kids
user8097	employed_by_general	hotel
user8097	like_food	chicken
user8097	like_activity	reading
user8097	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user8097	like_animal	animals
user8098	member_of	retirement home
user8098	like_activity	baking
user8098	has_age	old
user8099	have_chidren	son
user8099	has_profession	plumber
user8099	other	award winning 4h member
user8099	has_ability	4 speak language
user8100	like_activity	travel
user8100	like_food	cheese
user8100	employed_by_general	factory
user8101	employed_by_general	vet
user8101	marital_status	married
user8101	have_chidren	2 children
user8101	like_general	flowers
user8102	like_music	metallica
user8102	attend_school	university
user8102	have_pet	4 cat
user8102	employed_by_general	grocery store
user8102	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user8103	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user8103	have	pink hair
user8103	has_hobby	fencing
user8103	like_drink	mountain dew
user8104	like_sports	basketball
user8104	has_hobby	hunting
user8104	have_chidren	children
user8104	marital_status	not married
user8105	has_ability	playing pool
user8105	want_do	<blank>
user8105	like_animal	unicorn
user8105	teach	arts
user8106	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user8106	like_general	red
user8106	has_hobby	water sports
user8106	physical_attribute	tall
user8107	has_profession	poet
user8107	member_of	hobby club
user8107	has_hobby	donating clothes
user8108	like_animal	animals
user8108	other	vegetarian
user8108	employed_by_company	peta
user8108	job_status	employed
user8109	like_sports	cycling
user8109	other	vegan
user8109	have_pet	3 dog
user8109	has_age	30
user8110	like_food	chocolate
user8110	like_watching	anime
user8110	own	2 laptops
user8110	has_hobby	gardening
user8111	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user8111	have_vehicle	ford
user8111	dislike	country
user8112	like_watching	youtube
user8112	like_activity	making lets plays
user8113	have_pet	reptile
user8113	like_activity	cooking
user8113	like_activity	walking
user8114	has_hobby	soccer
user8114	has_hobby	goalie
user8114	other	42 number is
user8114	misc_attribute	team player
user8115	employed_by_company	aldis
user8115	have_chidren	2 children
user8115	favorite_movie	titanic
user8116	have_pet	dog
user8116	misc_attribute	smart
user8116	want	money
user8117	favorite	subject was science
user8117	favorite_food	pizza
user8117	favorite_hobby	reading
user8118	has_degree	business
user8118	attend_school	university
user8118	like_sports	playing
user8119	like_drink	alcohol
user8119	has_hobby	drinking
user8119	misc_attribute	responsible
user8120	dislike	rising early
user8120	like_general	candles
user8120	like_general	rain
user8120	like_activity	spending money
user8120	like_activity	photography
user8121	have	green eyes
user8121	have	glasses
user8121	want_job	librarian
user8122	has_profession	design video games
user8122	has_profession	designer
user8123	like_food	hamburgers
user8123	like_sports	running
user8123	has_ability	sleep
user8123	has_profession	electrician
user8123	dislike	winter
user8124	dislike	spiders
user8124	has_profession	pilot
user8124	have_pet	2 dog
user8124	other	parents in the military
user8125	attend_school	high school
user8125	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user8125	has_age	15
user8125	other	braces
user8126	has_hobby	volunteering
user8126	has_ability	4 speak language
user8126	has_ability	impersonations
user8126	other	award winner
user8126	has_profession	plumber
user8127	like_activity	video games
user8127	like_activity	swimming
user8127	have	medication
user8127	has_hobby	running
user8127	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user8128	favorite_color	green
user8128	like_general	car
user8128	job_status	employed
user8128	like_animal	cat
user8129	physical_attribute	pink hair
user8129	have_sibling	sibling
user8129	other	allergic to bees
user8129	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user8129	employed_by_general	hospital
user8130	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user8130	has_age	53
user8130	physical_attribute	blonde
user8130	physical_attribute	overweight
user8131	have	t-shirt and jeans
user8131	have	crush
user8131	has_hobby	skateboarding
user8131	attend_school	university
user8132	like_activity	working out
user8132	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user8132	want	cool
user8132	like_sports	soccer
user8133	job_status	employed
user8133	other	volunteer firefighter.
user8133	has_age	30
user8133	has_degree	marketing
user8134	favorite_music_artist	muse
user8134	employed_by_company	walmart
user8134	like_food	food with no animal product
user8134	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user8135	like_general	lets plays
user8135	favorite_animal	dolphins
user8135	like_watching	youtube
user8136	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user8136	job_status	unemployed
user8136	physical_attribute	red hair
user8136	has_hobby	dancing
user8136	marital_status	engaged
user8137	has_age	old
user8137	like_activity	baking
user8137	member_of	retirement home
user8138	favorite_food	sushi
user8138	has_profession	<blank>
user8138	have	timeshare
user8138	favorite_show	friends
user8139	misc_attribute	angry
user8139	like_goto	bar
user8139	dislike	family
user8139	gender	male
user8140	marital_status	divorced
user8140	misc_attribute	shy
user8140	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user8140	have_chidren	0 children
user8140	own	wear glasses
user8141	other	birth date
user8141	has_ability	baking
user8141	attend_school	law school
user8142	have_sibling	sister
user8142	want_do	learning
user8142	want_do	schooling
user8142	like_watching	netflix
user8143	<blank>	<blank>
user8143	like_general	place
user8143	physical_attribute	tall
user8143	like_activity	building
user8143	like_activity	travel
user8144	like_activity	cooking
user8144	have_pet	3 dog
user8144	want	someone
user8144	employed_by_general	architect firm
user8144	like_activity	fishing
user8145	dislike	heights
user8145	have_sibling	twins
user8145	have_chidren	partner
user8145	favorite	superman
user8146	has_hobby	drawing
user8146	want_do	dieting
user8146	have	braces
user8147	like_general	food trucks
user8147	have_sibling	brother
user8147	own	car
user8147	misc_attribute	quick
user8148	employed_by_general	museum
user8148	like_goto	park
user8148	has_hobby	reading
user8148	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user8149	like_activity	football
user8149	gender	male
user8149	physical_attribute	beard
user8149	like_sports	cycling
user8150	like_activity	baking
user8150	job_status	employed
user8150	other	vegetarian
user8150	favorite_music	country
user8150	like_general	internet
user8151	want_do	basketball
user8151	have	knee surgery
user8151	school_status	graduated
user8151	want_do	play
user8152	other	deaf man
user8152	like_general	scratching
user8152	favorite	number is 7
user8152	like_activity	reading
user8152	dislike	driving
user8153	like_activity	fishing
user8153	have_family	mother
user8153	marital_status	single
user8153	has_profession	paramedic
user8153	like_music	rap
user8154	want	immortality
user8154	have_pet	dog and cat
user8154	has_hobby	diving
user8154	like_general	people
user8154	like_general	technology
user8155	like_sports	swimming
user8155	dislike	0 taco
user8155	job_status	unemployed
user8155	favorite_drink	chocolate
user8155	physical_attribute	bald
user8156	like_music	all american rejecs
user8156	has_profession	athlete
user8156	has_ability	run marathons
user8156	have_pet	3 dog
user8156	dislike	sweet potatoes
user8157	has_hobby	driving
user8157	have	friends
user8157	has_profession	disc jockey
user8157	physical_attribute	handicapped
user8157	other	am blind
user8158	marital_status	married
user8158	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user8158	have_pet	cat
user8158	physical_attribute	sight
user8158	dislike	writing
user8159	like_music	smooth jazz
user8159	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8159	have_pet	dog
user8159	like_general	suits and ties
user8159	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8160	like_activity	hiking
user8160	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user8160	has_profession	engineer
user8160	live_in_general	alone
user8160	like_activity	photography
user8161	has_hobby	video games
user8161	job_status	employed
user8161	like_sports	running
user8161	like_goto	park
user8161	favorite_color	green
user8162	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user8162	dislike	coworker
user8162	job_status	employed
user8162	marital_status	single
user8163	like_animal	fish
user8163	have_chidren	5 children
user8163	school_status	student
user8164	have	0 parents
user8164	dislike	sleeping
user8164	like_activity	travel alone
user8164	favorite_food	steak
user8164	misc_attribute	smart
user8165	other	make 35 million a year
user8165	live_in_general	mansion
user8165	member_of	sports team
user8165	attend_school	university
user8165	has_profession	basketball player
user8166	has_profession	lawyer
user8166	favorite_place	new york
user8166	like_activity	running
user8166	favorite_food	steak
user8167	job_status	unemployed
user8167	have_pet	dog
user8167	like_drink	expensive wine
user8167	like_activity	getting nails done
user8167	other	lost jewelry
user8168	like_general	<blank>
user8168	job_status	employed
user8168	like_activity	walking
user8168	have_pet	2 dog
user8168	like_goto	movie theater
user8169	want_do	dieting
user8169	has_hobby	drawing
user8169	misc_attribute	talkative
user8169	have	braces
user8170	have_pet	dog
user8170	<blank>	<blank>
user8170	<blank>	<blank>
user8170	has_ability	play instrument
user8171	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user8171	like_watching	sport
user8171	like_activity	napping
user8171	has_hobby	singing
user8172	physical_attribute	red hair
user8172	misc_attribute	friendly
user8172	have_vehicle	scooter
user8172	dislike	music
user8172	other	nick
user8173	physical_attribute	short
user8173	gender	female
user8173	have	wheel chair
user8173	have_chidren	2 children
user8174	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user8174	like_general	furniture
user8174	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user8174	has_ability	play instrument
user8174	own	cds
user8175	own	pink hiking boots
user8175	like_music	folk
user8175	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user8175	like_activity	hiking
user8176	like_activity	walking
user8176	like_animal	animals
user8176	like_activity	watching
user8177	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user8177	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user8177	like_general	colors
user8177	has_profession	mortician
user8177	want_do	pilot
user8178	has_profession	writer
user8178	like_food	gluten free
user8178	have_pet	1 dog
user8178	like_activity	rock climbing
user8179	want_job	restauranteur
user8179	favorite_color	hunter green
user8179	has_hobby	movies
user8179	has_profession	chef
user8180	has_profession	accountant
user8180	misc_attribute	colorful
user8180	have_pet	dog
user8181	like_music	one direction
user8181	want_job	athlete
user8181	attend_school	elementary school
user8182	job_status	employed
user8182	has_profession	programmer
user8182	like_activity	donate time
user8182	have_pet	2 dog
user8183	have	trouble connecting with family
user8183	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user8183	physical_attribute	allergic
user8183	like_food	vegetables
user8183	misc_attribute	shy
user8184	marital_status	single
user8184	has_profession	nurse
user8184	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user8184	own	1 house
user8184	has_ability	play instrument
user8185	misc_attribute	responsible
user8185	like_drink	any drinks
user8185	job_status	unemployed
user8186	misc_attribute	shy
user8186	misc_attribute	content
user8186	like_activity	singing
user8186	have_pet	dog
user8187	has_profession	salesman
user8187	live_in_general	farm
user8187	like_food	beets
user8187	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user8188	has_profession	graphic design
user8188	has_profession	designer
user8188	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user8188	like_music	classical
user8189	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user8189	like_food	1 restaurant
user8189	misc_attribute	polite
user8189	employed_by_general	bank
user8190	has_hobby	martial arts
user8190	like_activity	singing
user8190	has_profession	businessman
user8191	like_read	autobiographies
user8191	favorite_food	chicken
user8191	have_pet	cat
user8191	like_music	metallica
user8191	like_goto	gym
user8192	like_sports	running
user8192	job_status	employed
user8192	like_goto	park
user8192	favorite_color	green
user8192	has_hobby	video games
user8193	like_activity	singing
user8193	like_movie	magic mike
user8193	has_profession	teacher
user8193	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user8193	like_activity	video games
user8194	live_in_general	by a lake
user8194	own	upholstery shop
user8194	other	mother
user8194	have_chidren	grandchildren
user8194	marital_status	married
user8195	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user8195	like_food	italian cuisine
user8195	has_profession	librarian
user8195	like_music	concerts
user8195	job_status	volunteer
user8196	has_profession	psychologist
user8196	has_hobby	geocache
user8196	like_food	chocolate
user8196	have_family	sibling
user8197	previous_profession	veteran
user8197	has_profession	truck driver
user8197	favorite_sport	football
user8197	have_vehicle	camper
user8197	like_activity	working out
user8198	<blank>	<blank>
user8198	want_do	<blank>
user8198	like_activity	singing
user8198	favorite_color	black
user8199	misc_attribute	distrustful
user8199	want	be alone
user8199	like_general	the library
user8199	dislike	trying new things
user8199	like_activity	competition
user8200	like_activity	reading
user8200	favorite_place	beach
user8200	has_profession	teacher
user8201	has_profession	teacher
user8201	has_hobby	kayaking
user8201	school_status	2016 graduated
user8201	teach	kindergarten
user8202	have_pet	dog
user8202	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8202	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8202	like_music	smooth jazz
user8202	like_general	suits and ties
user8203	favorite_place	beach
user8203	marital_status	married
user8203	has_profession	teacher
user8203	like_activity	reading
user8204	marital_status	divorced
user8204	has_hobby	teapots
user8204	like_animal	cat
user8205	like_activity	dance
user8205	misc_attribute	witty
user8205	other	vegetarian
user8205	like_animal	sharks
user8205	has_hobby	reading
user8206	<blank>	<blank>
user8206	<blank>	<blank>
user8206	have_pet	dog
user8206	has_ability	play instrument
user8207	misc_attribute	content
user8207	like_activity	singing
user8207	have_pet	dog
user8207	misc_attribute	shy
user8208	have_pet	dog
user8208	like_activity	hiking
user8208	has_profession	advertising executive
user8209	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user8209	like_general	boots
user8209	like_general	leather clothes
user8209	<blank>	<blank>
user8210	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user8210	has_age	25
user8210	has_profession	cashier
user8211	like_activity	fishing
user8211	has_hobby	boat making
user8211	live_in_general	island
user8211	has_ability	cannibal
user8211	have_pet	dog
user8212	like_activity	traveling
user8212	like_general	explosions
user8212	like_food	brownies
user8212	like_animal	cat
user8213	like_food	healthy
user8213	favorite_season	fall
user8213	like_activity	sleeping in
user8213	marital_status	single
user8214	like_music	country
user8214	<blank>	<blank>
user8214	has_ability	play instrument
user8214	<blank>	<blank>
user8215	live_in_general	alone
user8215	has_ability	play instrument
user8215	has_profession	scientist
user8215	has_hobby	cooking
user8216	like_food	popcorn
user8216	have_sibling	brother
user8216	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user8216	has_hobby	snowboarding
user8217	have_pet	2 dog
user8217	want_job	astronaut
user8217	have_vehicle	car
user8217	like_food	lasagna
user8217	favorite	penn and teller
user8218	has_hobby	knitting
user8218	has_profession	tutor
user8218	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user8219	misc_attribute	religious
user8219	misc_attribute	religious
user8219	dislike	evil
user8219	misc_attribute	weak
user8220	like_sports	soccer
user8220	have_sibling	sister
user8220	have_pet	dog
user8220	like_read	pride and prejudice
user8220	favorite	school subject
user8221	school_status	student this summer at police academy
user8221	own	bowie knife
user8221	like_activity	watch
user8221	has_hobby	weight lifting
user8221	like_drink	water with protein powder
user8222	have_pet	2 cat
user8222	like_watching	sport
user8222	favorite_color	orange
user8222	dislike	running
user8223	job_status	unemployed
user8223	other	lost jewelry
user8223	like_activity	getting nails done
user8223	like_drink	expensive wine
user8223	have_pet	dog
user8224	favorite	bob ross
user8224	other	vegan
user8224	has_hobby	hiking
user8224	has_profession	accountant
user8225	other	familiarity with hospitals and doctors
user8225	have	medical bills
user8225	physical_attribute	slow
user8225	other	0 chewing food
user8226	like_drink	alcohol
user8226	member_of	hobby club
user8226	other	cat person
user8226	have	cell phone
user8227	physical_attribute	sight
user8227	marital_status	married
user8227	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user8227	dislike	writing
user8228	has_ability	play instrument
user8228	has_ability	karate
user8228	has_hobby	vacation
user8228	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user8228	like_food	shrimp
user8229	like_food	ice cream
user8229	have	0 traveled.
user8229	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8229	employed_by_general	dog walker
user8230	other	allergies
user8230	has_ability	play instrument
user8230	member_of	community center
user8230	physical_attribute	short hair
user8231	has_profession	mechanic
user8231	have_vehicle	car
user8231	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user8231	have_pet	1 dog
user8231	like_sports	surfing
user8232	employed_by_general	online
user8232	previous_profession	musician
user8232	like_food	meat
user8232	previous_profession	factory worker
user8233	like_sports	boston celtics
user8233	employed_by_general	a small
user8233	like_food	chocolate
user8233	like_activity	walking
user8233	have_sibling	6 sister
user8234	attend_school	law school
user8234	has_ability	baking
user8234	other	birth date
user8235	have_vehicle	moped
user8235	favorite_color	orange
user8235	physical_attribute	long nails
user8235	dislike	make up
user8235	has_profession	rock band
user8236	misc_attribute	smart
user8236	have_pet	dog
user8236	want	money
user8237	have_pet	cat
user8237	has_ability	make videos
user8237	has_profession	youtuber
user8237	have_vehicle	car
user8238	favorite	christmas
user8238	have	birth mother
user8238	employed_by_general	a local party store
user8238	have_sibling	sibling
user8238	other	adopted
user8239	has_hobby	yoga
user8239	has_hobby	volunteer
user8239	has_profession	teacher
user8239	marital_status	married
user8240	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user8240	like_music	classical
user8240	has_profession	graphic design
user8240	has_profession	designer
user8241	has_hobby	sketching
user8241	has_hobby	video games
user8241	like_watching	anime
user8241	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user8241	have_family	parents
user8242	dislike	working out
user8242	have	blood sugar problems
user8242	have_vehicle	bicycle
user8242	has_ability	play instrument
user8242	have_pet	3 dog
user8243	has_hobby	yoga
user8243	other	vegan
user8243	has_profession	marketing
user8243	has_ability	meditate
user8244	dislike	formal situations
user8244	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user8244	live_in_general	alone
user8244	like_activity	hiking
user8245	other	nick
user8245	misc_attribute	friendly
user8245	dislike	music
user8245	have_vehicle	scooter
user8246	like_general	<blank>
user8246	like_goto	movie theater
user8246	like_activity	walking
user8246	job_status	employed
user8247	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user8247	like_activity	cooking
user8247	marital_status	married
user8248	school_status	major in business administration
user8248	have_family	partner
user8248	attend_school	university
user8248	employed_by_general	daycare
user8249	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user8249	own	universe
user8249	has_profession	dental assistant
user8249	like_activity	clubbing
user8250	like_goto	thrift shops
user8250	has_profession	teacher
user8250	like_activity	sewing
user8250	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user8250	like_activity	fashion
user8251	attend_school	university
user8251	want_job	journalist
user8251	like_read	fantasy
user8251	has_ability	sorting books
user8252	have_pet	cat
user8252	want_do	traveling
user8252	like_activity	cooking
user8253	favorite_color	yellow
user8253	like_read	<blank>
user8253	like_activity	game halo
user8253	like_activity	working out
user8253	employed_by_general	magazine
user8254	favorite_drink	beer coors
user8254	has_profession	car sales
user8254	like_sports	basketball
user8255	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user8255	school_status	did not graduate
user8256	favorite_color	red
user8256	like_general	place
user8256	have_pet	2 dog
user8256	want_do	travel
user8256	other	wild child
user8257	have	allergy
user8257	own	iphone 7
user8258	<blank>	<blank>
user8258	has_profession	police
user8258	dislike	broccoli
user8258	have_pet	2 dog
user8258	like_activity	hunting
user8259	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user8259	misc_attribute	slow
user8259	want	vacation
user8259	job_status	employed
user8260	have_chidren	children
user8260	misc_attribute	tired
user8260	like_food	fast food
user8260	like_activity	cleaning
user8261	school_status	student
user8261	like_animal	animals
user8261	like_music	country
user8261	other	vegan
user8261	like_read	<blank>
user8262	job_status	employed
user8262	job_status	employed
user8262	has_profession	waiter
user8262	want_job	doctor
user8263	has_age	18
user8263	school_status	graduated
user8263	have_vehicle	car
user8263	have	scholarship
user8264	have	1 rose tattoo
user8264	have	tattoos
user8264	like_general	silver
user8264	employed_by_general	clinic
user8264	attend_school	dental
user8265	other	am caucasian
user8265	like_sports	hockey
user8265	like_activity	rollerblading
user8265	want_do	eating
user8265	like_food	sugar
user8266	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user8266	has_profession	teacher
user8266	marital_status	married
user8266	has_hobby	yoga
user8266	has_hobby	volunteer
user8267	has_profession	teacher
user8267	own	0 television
user8267	like_read	<blank>
user8268	like_general	cars
user8268	like_general	ford trucks
user8268	have_vehicle	ford
user8268	have_vehicle	truck
user8268	have_vehicle	ford
user8269	other	braces
user8269	attend_school	high school
user8269	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user8269	has_age	15
user8270	marital_status	engaged
user8270	marital_status	engaged
user8270	marital_status	engaged
user8271	physical_attribute	blonde
user8271	like_activity	video games
user8271	like_activity	ballet
user8271	favorite_color	purple
user8272	has_profession	police
user8272	like_sports	horseback riding
user8272	like_activity	scuba diving
user8272	have_chidren	3 daughter
user8273	like_sports	water ski
user8273	have	money
user8273	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user8273	like_food	macaroni
user8273	has_profession	car maker
user8274	dislike	people
user8274	misc_attribute	artistic
user8274	has_ability	scream
user8274	attend_school	homeschool
user8275	physical_attribute	curly hair
user8275	like_activity	cooking
user8275	like_activity	drawing
user8276	have	support of my whole family
user8276	has_ability	1 dancing
user8276	want	retire
user8277	like_animal	dog
user8277	like_general	baking
user8277	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user8277	like_activity	walking
user8278	favorite_drink	1 beer
user8278	have	90000 dollars
user8278	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user8278	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user8278	want_do	10 own horses
user8279	own	honda civic
user8279	have_chidren	3 children
user8279	like_activity	walking
user8279	have	friend
user8279	other	named after my grandmother
user8280	dislike	driving
user8280	has_age	under 50
user8280	like_food	cheese
user8280	like_music	backstreet boys
user8281	like_general	going to bed late
user8281	other	vegetarian
user8281	has_ability	dance
user8281	like_activity	singing
user8281	has_ability	play instrument
user8282	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user8282	like_music	indie
user8282	like_animal	dog
user8282	want_job	teacher
user8282	dislike	some foods
user8283	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user8283	dislike	formal situations
user8283	live_in_general	alone
user8283	like_activity	hiking
user8284	has_hobby	traveling
user8284	favorite_music	rock
user8284	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user8284	attend_school	university
user8285	favorite_movie	titanic
user8285	have_chidren	2 children
user8285	employed_by_company	aldis
user8286	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8286	has_ability	play instrument
user8286	place_origin	chicago
user8286	have_family	sibling
user8287	like_read	<blank>
user8287	has_profession	teacher
user8287	dislike	pizza
user8287	have	no television
user8288	misc_attribute	distrustful
user8288	have	friends
user8288	school_status	student
user8288	want	responsible
user8289	like_read	mystery
user8289	attend_school	university
user8289	attend_school	graduate school
user8289	other	youngest
user8290	job_status	employed
user8290	have	bowled a 300 twice
user8290	has_hobby	building furniture
user8290	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user8291	has_hobby	quilting
user8291	like_music	classical
user8291	have_chidren	grandchildren
user8291	has_profession	pharmacist
user8291	misc_attribute	wild
user8292	has_profession	coffee shop
user8292	have_pet	cat
user8292	like_activity	singing
user8292	school_status	student
user8292	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user8293	like_activity	walking
user8293	like_goto	movie theater
user8293	job_status	employed
user8293	have_pet	2 dog
user8293	like_general	<blank>
user8294	have_vehicle	car
user8294	like_music	rap
user8294	favorite	california love
user8294	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user8294	have_vehicle	car
user8295	like_general	things
user8295	misc_attribute	romantic
user8295	like_music	jazz
user8295	like_general	dolls
user8295	like_general	antiques
user8296	other	disappointment
user8296	have_family	sibling
user8296	like_animal	parrot
user8296	want_do	travel
user8297	has_profession	farmer
user8297	have	never flown on an airplane
user8297	favorite_season	duck hunting
user8297	like_activity	tailgate parties
user8298	like_activity	running
user8298	favorite_activity	cooking
user8298	own	trophies
user8298	has_ability	swim fast
user8298	like_activity	singing
user8299	marital_status	engaged
user8299	job_status	employed
user8299	has_hobby	baseball
user8299	like_watching	south park
user8300	like_food	italian cuisine
user8300	favorite_food	pizza
user8300	other	east asian
user8300	other	tom
user8300	misc_attribute	healthy
user8301	other	wrote a book
user8301	like_activity	reading
user8301	have_pet	2 dog
user8301	misc_attribute	religious
user8302	have_vehicle	lexus
user8302	attend_school	university
user8302	have_pet	dog
user8302	favorite_hobby	dancing
user8302	dislike	math
user8303	want_do	vacation
user8303	marital_status	married
user8304	physical_attribute	short
user8304	have_pet	dog
user8304	job_status	seeking employment
user8304	like_general	red
user8304	other	relative
user8305	like_read	books
user8305	have_pet	dog
user8305	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user8306	like_watching	sport
user8306	own	car
user8306	like_activity	flying kites
user8306	favorite_sport	rugby
user8307	favorite_drink	pepsi
user8307	has_profession	librarian
user8307	has_hobby	reading
user8307	like_food	hot dog
user8308	has_hobby	basketball
user8308	has_profession	basketball player
user8308	attend_school	university of north carolina
user8308	has_profession	basketball player
user8308	has_profession	athlete
user8309	school_status	graduated
user8309	has_profession	farmer
user8309	like_activity	hiking
user8309	physical_attribute	1 arm
user8309	have_family	sibling
user8310	has_profession	travel agent
user8310	like_activity	traveling
user8310	favorite_place	jamaica
user8310	like_activity	working out
user8311	like_activity	skateboarding
user8311	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user8311	own	30 shoes
user8311	like_general	<blank>
user8312	other	buddhist
user8312	other	vegan
user8312	has_profession	public relations
user8312	place_origin	seattle
user8312	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user8313	has_profession	security guard
user8313	has_hobby	chess
user8313	has_hobby	walking
user8313	other	saw a solar eclipse
user8314	like_food	meat
user8314	own	black car
user8314	has_profession	finance
user8314	like_music	rap
user8315	favorite_music	rock
user8315	attend_school	university
user8315	has_hobby	traveling
user8315	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user8315	like_sports	skiing
user8316	have_pet	2 cat
user8316	like_food	strawberry
user8316	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user8316	like_food	food with no animal product
user8317	favorite_food	steak
user8317	own	chevy tahoe
user8317	like_music	rock
user8317	has_ability	not swim
user8318	have_family	partner
user8318	employed_by_general	daycare
user8318	attend_school	university
user8318	school_status	major in business administration
user8319	like_read	horror
user8319	has_profession	accountant
user8319	like_general	blue
user8319	like_goto	the lake
user8320	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user8320	like_activity	sewing
user8320	other	partially blind
user8320	has_ability	bird calls
user8321	like_read	crime
user8321	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user8321	favorite_animal	panda
user8321	has_profession	zoologist
user8321	like_food	egg
user8322	has_profession	salesman
user8322	has_age	53
user8322	misc_attribute	carefree
user8322	misc_attribute	religious
user8322	has_profession	fitness guru
user8323	other	recovering alcoholic
user8323	have	large mustache
user8323	live_in_general	condo
user8323	previous_profession	reporter
user8324	favorite_show	friends
user8324	has_profession	<blank>
user8324	have	timeshare
user8324	favorite_food	sushi
user8325	misc_attribute	sensitive
user8325	place_origin	austin
user8325	like_general	social media
user8325	want_do	photography
user8326	like_goto	bar
user8326	misc_attribute	angry
user8326	have_vehicle	jaguar
user8326	gender	male
user8326	have_family	members
user8327	have_chidren	son
user8327	other	allergies
user8327	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user8327	like_activity	manicures
user8328	like_music	concerts
user8328	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user8328	has_profession	librarian
user8328	job_status	volunteer
user8328	like_food	italian cuisine
user8329	marital_status	engaged
user8329	job_status	employed
user8329	has_hobby	baseball
user8329	like_watching	south park
user8330	like_music	rock
user8330	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user8330	like_general	wearing black clothing
user8330	own	black car
user8330	own	black purse
user8331	like_watching	comedy
user8331	have	beard
user8331	like_activity	fashion
user8331	has_profession	attorney
user8332	have	tattoos
user8332	like_general	silver
user8332	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8332	have	1 rose tattoo
user8332	school_status	student
user8333	favorite	thierry henry
user8333	marital_status	married
user8333	has_profession	athlete
user8333	attend_school	stanford
user8334	dislike	pudding
user8334	have	friend
user8334	have	never done drugs
user8334	like_music	ke ha
user8335	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user8335	have_sibling	brother
user8335	like_food	popcorn
user8335	has_hobby	snowboarding
user8336	have	shot lion
user8336	misc_attribute	sad
user8336	has_hobby	artist
user8336	want_do	climbing
user8337	like_activity	fashion
user8337	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user8337	like_goto	thrift shops
user8337	has_profession	teacher
user8337	like_activity	sewing
user8338	like_watching	comedy
user8338	job_status	employed
user8338	has_profession	ballerina
user8338	favorite_food	hamburgers
user8339	other	vegan
user8339	school_status	student
user8339	favorite_food	taco
user8339	like_activity	drawing
user8339	place_origin	france
user8340	like_activity	working out
user8340	like_sports	soccer
user8340	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user8340	favorite_food	healthy
user8341	misc_attribute	artistic
user8341	dislike	people
user8341	attend_school	homeschool
user8341	like_animal	<blank>
user8341	has_ability	scream
user8342	like_general	blue
user8342	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user8342	like_activity	drawing
user8342	have_sibling	3 sibling
user8343	has_hobby	writing
user8343	have_pet	dog
user8343	like_activity	hiking
user8343	has_profession	advertising executive
user8344	has_profession	teacher
user8344	job_status	retired
user8344	like_activity	walking
user8345	have	hair
user8345	have_vehicle	ford
user8345	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user8346	have_pet	dog
user8346	like_drink	expensive wine
user8346	like_activity	getting nails done
user8346	other	lost jewelry
user8346	job_status	unemployed
user8347	other	0 chewing food
user8347	like_goto	hospital
user8347	physical_attribute	slow
user8348	have_pet	named charlie
user8348	like_general	the nighttime
user8348	has_profession	artist
user8348	own	2 hoop earrings
user8349	has_profession	construction
user8349	attend_school	university
user8349	favorite_food	ice cream
user8349	has_hobby	traveling
user8350	have_family	big family
user8350	place_origin	outside the us
user8350	like_food	all
user8350	want	weather
user8351	has_degree	masters
user8351	has_hobby	swimming
user8351	gender	female
user8351	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user8351	favorite_color	purple
user8352	like_sports	running
user8352	has_profession	electrician
user8352	has_ability	sleep
user8352	like_food	hamburgers
user8353	like_activity	laughing
user8353	like_activity	baking
user8353	like_general	shoes
user8354	have_pet	reptile
user8354	want_do	skydiving
user8354	job_status	internship
user8354	other	character
user8355	favorite_music	metal
user8355	marital_status	engaged
user8355	has_profession	writer
user8356	like_music	vnv nation
user8356	like_watching	science fiction
user8356	employed_by_general	railroad
user8356	like_food	pretzels
user8356	other	omnivore
user8357	like_activity	traveling
user8357	<blank>	<blank>
user8357	has_profession	chef
user8357	like_activity	baking
user8357	has_hobby	photography
user8358	have_chidren	child
user8358	have_pet	2 cat
user8358	dislike	running
user8358	favorite_color	orange
user8358	like_watching	sport
user8359	has_age	20
user8359	employed_by_general	hospital
user8359	like_food	pasta
user8359	has_hobby	1 reading
user8359	school_status	student
user8360	like_sports	hockey
user8360	like_activity	dance
user8360	physical_attribute	asthma
user8360	physical_attribute	tall
user8360	like_activity	running
user8361	has_ability	play instrument
user8361	other	vegan
user8361	want	play in a local band
user8361	own	9 guitars
user8362	employed_by_general	government
user8362	like_sports	sports
user8362	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user8362	like_sports	baseball
user8363	have_chidren	3 children
user8363	physical_attribute	sick
user8363	have_chidren	twins
user8363	physical_attribute	pregnant
user8364	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user8364	like_activity	video games
user8364	have_pet	dog
user8364	other	<blank>
user8365	have_pet	1 lizard
user8365	have_family	only child
user8365	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user8365	<blank>	plants
user8366	has_profession	athlete
user8366	like_general	blue
user8366	want_job	explorer
user8366	dislike	job
user8367	has_ability	2 speak language
user8367	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user8367	other	puerto rican / chinese
user8367	like_music	blues
user8367	like_general	prince
user8368	has_profession	musician
user8368	like_activity	<blank>
user8368	has_ability	play instrument
user8368	want_do	home
user8368	have	friend
user8369	misc_attribute	funny
user8369	like_food	candy
user8369	has_profession	package delivery
user8369	have_pet	3 cat
user8370	misc_attribute	make things right
user8370	misc_attribute	<blank>
user8370	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user8370	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user8370	has_profession	sales
user8371	misc_attribute	emotional
user8371	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user8371	misc_attribute	romantic
user8371	school_status	dropped out
user8372	like_sports	golf
user8372	marital_status	married
user8372	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8372	like_music	classical
user8373	has_hobby	cooking
user8373	employed_by_general	restaurant
user8374	like_activity	cooking
user8374	employed_by_general	architect firm
user8374	want	someone
user8374	like_activity	fishing
user8375	like_animal	panda
user8375	other	vegetarian
user8375	want_do	open a business
user8376	have_pet	1 dog
user8376	dislike	over eating
user8376	misc_attribute	lazy
user8376	misc_attribute	dull
user8376	dislike	paying bills
user8377	favorite_food	pasta
user8377	like_activity	helping
user8377	job_status	retired
user8377	live_in_general	rural area
user8377	gender	female
user8378	have_pet	dog
user8378	like_drink	chai tea
user8378	dislike	spiders
user8378	has_profession	computer technician
user8379	like_activity	hiking
user8379	has_hobby	writing
user8379	have_pet	dog
user8379	has_profession	advertising executive
user8380	like_activity	hiking
user8380	like_food	burrito
user8380	like_general	being a guy
user8380	like_movie	shows
user8381	misc_attribute	introvert
user8381	have_pet	dog
user8381	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8381	attend_school	graduate school
user8381	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user8382	physical_attribute	pregnant
user8382	have_pet	horse
user8382	live_in_general	country
user8383	own	my home
user8383	has_degree	masters
user8383	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user8384	like_animal	animals
user8384	like_activity	sewing
user8384	employed_by_company	peta
user8384	job_status	employed
user8384	other	vegetarian
user8385	own	cape
user8385	like_goto	cinema
user8385	have	hobbies
user8386	employed_by_general	railroad
user8386	like_music	vnv nation
user8386	other	omnivore
user8386	like_watching	science fiction
user8387	has_hobby	traveling
user8387	has_hobby	cooking
user8387	place_origin	beach
user8387	like_animal	dog
user8388	attend_school	beauty classes
user8388	have	50000 subcribers
user8388	has_hobby	youtube
user8388	has_ability	apply make-up
user8389	live_in_general	near the ocean
user8389	like_watching	sunsets
user8389	dislike	red meat
user8389	physical_attribute	brunette
user8389	like_sports	surfing
user8390	has_profession	retailer
user8390	has_ability	cooking
user8390	have_chidren	daughter
user8390	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user8391	has_age	15
user8391	want_job	veterinarian
user8391	school_status	student
user8391	like_sports	field hockey
user8392	has_profession	waitress
user8392	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user8392	dislike	fashion
user8392	misc_attribute	am happy
user8393	favorite_food	french fries
user8393	like_activity	shopping
user8393	has_profession	teacher
user8394	like_food	shrimp
user8394	has_hobby	vacation
user8394	has_ability	karate
user8394	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user8395	have	boyfriend
user8395	has_hobby	gymnastics
user8395	favorite_drink	coffee
user8395	have_pet	cat
user8396	school_status	did not graduate
user8396	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user8397	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user8397	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user8397	like_general	my image
user8397	want	to go to another school
user8397	want	mom was healthier
user8398	like_activity	art projects
user8398	gender	female
user8398	like_activity	traveling
user8398	like_general	family
user8398	marital_status	married
user8399	want_job	journalist
user8399	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user8399	have_pet	1 dog
user8399	other	shoe size
user8400	other	have never been on the west coast
user8400	other	was on the news
user8400	like_activity	travel
user8401	like_general	red
user8401	dislike	snake
user8401	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user8402	have_pet	3 dog
user8402	has_age	30
user8402	has_profession	veterinarian
user8402	other	vegan
user8402	like_sports	cycling
user8403	like_read	<blank>
user8403	dislike	pizza
user8403	have	no television
user8403	has_profession	teacher
user8404	like_activity	hiking
user8404	have_pet	dog
user8404	has_hobby	writing
user8404	has_profession	advertising executive
user8405	like_general	the library
user8405	want	be alone
user8405	like_activity	competition
user8405	misc_attribute	distrustful
user8406	has_profession	lawyer
user8406	own	0 television
user8406	has_hobby	photography
user8406	has_ability	pilot
user8406	live_in_general	mountains
user8407	have	welfare
user8407	other	carnivore
user8407	favorite_music_artist	creed
user8408	marital_status	married
user8408	has_profession	hairdresser
user8408	live_in_general	boat
user8408	own	salon
user8408	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user8409	like_activity	surfing
user8409	like_general	snow
user8409	want_do	go to college
user8410	physical_attribute	red hair
user8410	have_vehicle	scooter
user8410	dislike	music
user8410	misc_attribute	friendly
user8411	physical_attribute	overweight
user8411	like_food	candy
user8411	like_movie	godfather
user8411	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user8411	gender	male
user8412	have	3 best friends
user8412	favorite_activity	research race cars
user8412	like_general	sports cars
user8412	has_age	14
user8413	want	to be something else
user8413	has_ability	speak language
user8413	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user8414	job_status	unemployed
user8414	like_activity	cooking
user8414	misc_attribute	talent
user8414	attend_school	classes
user8415	have	allergies
user8415	like_animal	cat
user8415	physical_attribute	attractive
user8415	physical_attribute	red skin
user8416	has_profession	teacher
user8416	marital_status	single
user8416	like_goto	nature
user8417	own	honda civic
user8417	have_chidren	3 children
user8417	have	friend
user8417	other	named after my grandmother
user8418	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8418	like_general	my work
user8418	like_music	classical
user8419	like_read	books
user8419	like_read	1984
user8419	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user8419	attend_school	university
user8419	school_status	student
user8420	have_chidren	2 son
user8420	has_hobby	basketball
user8420	dislike	friend group
user8420	marital_status	married
user8420	has_ability	feeling lost
user8421	like_activity	travel
user8421	have_sibling	1 sister
user8421	place_origin	san francisco
user8421	like_animal	dog
user8421	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user8422	has_hobby	sewing
user8422	like_activity	swimming
user8422	like_activity	baking
user8422	employed_by_company	grocery store
user8423	want	travel
user8423	has_profession	farmer
user8423	have_pet	2 dog
user8423	favorite_music	rock
user8424	have_family	grandfather
user8424	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user8424	have_pet	cat
user8425	<blank>	<blank>
user8425	have_family	mother
user8425	has_profession	construction worker
user8425	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user8426	like_drink	iced tea
user8426	employed_by_general	bookstore
user8426	want_job	author
user8426	like_goto	museum
user8427	has_hobby	hunting
user8427	have_pet	2 cat
user8427	other	parents are teachers
user8427	like_goto	local animal shelter
user8427	have_chidren	2 children
user8428	like_general	skeleton
user8428	physical_attribute	long legs
user8428	have	long fingers
user8428	other	am dumpy
user8428	dislike	shrimp
user8429	own	salon
user8429	has_profession	hairdresser
user8429	marital_status	married
user8429	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user8430	misc_attribute	family man
user8430	marital_status	married
user8430	like_activity	bowling
user8430	have_family	<blank>
user8431	live_in_general	rural area
user8431	job_status	retired
user8431	favorite_food	pasta
user8431	like_activity	helping
user8432	like_goto	opera
user8432	like_music	classical
user8432	favorite	auto
user8432	physical_attribute	6 tall
user8432	like_goto	paris
user8433	has_hobby	singing
user8433	have_family	grandmother
user8434	favorite_food	salad
user8434	like_goto	nature
user8434	has_profession	teacher
user8434	marital_status	single
user8435	have	few friends
user8435	employed_by_general	museum
user8435	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user8435	has_hobby	reading
user8435	like_goto	park
user8436	like_general	sports cars
user8436	favorite_activity	research race cars
user8436	have	3 best friends
user8436	like_sports	swimming
user8437	like_drink	water
user8437	like_activity	watching television
user8437	have	been in two car crashes
user8437	attend_school	university
user8438	favorite_color	orange
user8438	other	lactose intolerant
user8438	have_pet	parakeet
user8438	like_food	gummy bears
user8439	like_movie	django unchained
user8439	like_activity	rock climbing
user8439	own	honda civic
user8439	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user8440	like_food	french fries
user8440	employed_by_company	del taco
user8440	has_ability	fall up stairs
user8440	favorite_music_artist	up
user8440	have_vehicle	bicycle
user8441	like_food	fast
user8441	like_general	weather
user8441	has_profession	national guard officer
user8441	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user8441	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user8442	like_general	my job
user8442	like_animal	all animals
user8442	previous_profession	actress
user8442	favorite_music	country
user8442	other	vegan
user8443	has_ability	play instrument
user8443	have_pet	3 dog
user8443	have_vehicle	bicycle
user8443	dislike	working out
user8443	have	blood sugar problems
user8444	school_status	graduated
user8444	like_food	all
user8444	want	weather
user8444	place_origin	outside the us
user8445	like_goto	"farmers market"
user8445	employed_by_general	university
user8445	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user8445	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user8445	has_ability	play instrument
user8446	other	vegetarian
user8446	job_status	employed
user8446	other	catholic
user8446	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user8446	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user8447	has_ability	2 speak language
user8447	other	puerto rican / chinese
user8447	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user8447	like_music	blues
user8447	like_general	prince
user8448	have	1 blue eye
user8448	has_ability	speak language
user8448	have_pet	cat
user8449	like_activity	napping
user8449	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user8449	like_watching	sport
user8449	has_hobby	singing
user8450	like_activity	surfing
user8450	marital_status	married
user8450	has_profession	baker
user8450	has_profession	nurse
user8451	like_music	country
user8451	like_watching	sport
user8451	like_food	meat
user8451	have_vehicle	truck
user8452	has_profession	personal trainer
user8452	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user8452	like_activity	fishing
user8452	other	dave
user8452	has_hobby	hiking
user8453	want_job	smithsonian
user8453	misc_attribute	risky
user8453	dislike	winter
user8453	favorite_show	csi
user8454	have_pet	5 cat
user8454	nationality	british
user8454	like_general	blue
user8455	like_general	her
user8455	want	happy
user8455	like_activity	dressing up
user8455	want	procedures
user8456	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user8456	like_general	weather
user8456	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user8456	has_profession	national guard officer
user8456	like_food	fast
user8457	like_activity	guitar
user8457	dislike	caffeine
user8457	like_music	the rolling stones
user8457	job_status	employed
user8458	employed_by_general	gas station
user8458	has_profession	salesman
user8458	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user8458	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user8459	like_music	system of a down
user8459	want	play in a local band
user8459	other	vegan
user8459	has_ability	play instrument
user8460	like_general	natural world beauty
user8460	like_activity	hiking
user8460	like_read	fantasy
user8461	dislike	heights
user8461	have_sibling	twins
user8461	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user8461	have_chidren	partner
user8461	favorite	superman
user8462	like_activity	reading
user8462	favorite	number is 7
user8462	dislike	driving
user8462	other	deaf man
user8462	like_general	scratching
user8463	employed_by_general	fast food
user8463	has_hobby	walking
user8463	has_hobby	martial arts
user8463	favorite	milena
user8463	have	something purple
user8464	like_general	blue
user8464	own	car
user8464	like_food	sushi
user8464	like_animal	dog
user8465	physical_attribute	blonde
user8465	like_activity	painting
user8465	want_do	painting
user8465	attend_school	university
user8466	attend_school	high school
user8466	have_family	only child
user8466	attend_school	graduate school
user8466	has_hobby	dancing
user8467	has_hobby	shopping
user8467	<blank>	<blank>
user8467	misc_attribute	cold
user8467	has_hobby	writing
user8468	like_watching	horror
user8468	has_hobby	couch potato
user8468	like_food	junk food
user8468	like_general	comics
user8468	dislike	family
user8469	like_food	meat
user8469	have	house
user8469	like_food	pork
user8469	other	vegetarian
user8470	has_profession	teacher
user8470	other	mother
user8470	have_pet	2 dog
user8470	have_chidren	2 children
user8471	has_profession	finance
user8471	dislike	cleaning
user8471	like_general	blue
user8471	has_hobby	painting
user8471	other	italian american
user8472	has_profession	farmer
user8472	favorite_season	duck hunting
user8472	have	girlfriend
user8472	like_activity	tailgate parties
user8473	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user8473	job_status	employed
user8473	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user8473	dislike	coworker
user8474	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user8474	favorite	costco
user8474	has_hobby	cloud watching
user8474	has_profession	salesman
user8475	like_food	<blank>
user8475	like_activity	chatting with friends
user8475	like_activity	cooking
user8475	like_activity	shopping
user8475	like_general	children
user8476	like_general	tigers baseball team
user8476	like_watching	television
user8476	has_hobby	hunting
user8476	physical_attribute	blonde
user8477	like_animal	cat
user8477	has_hobby	reading
user8477	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user8477	other	vegetarian
user8477	employed_by_general	flower shop
user8478	previous_profession	not stated
user8478	has_ability	swim
user8478	like_food	meat
user8478	like_general	anime
user8479	<blank>	<blank>
user8479	like_watching	comedy
user8479	has_hobby	tennis
user8479	favorite_color	green
user8480	have_family	sibling
user8480	place_origin	chicago
user8480	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8480	has_ability	play instrument
user8481	have	a few friends
user8481	like_general	katy perry
user8481	like_activity	sewing
user8481	has_profession	baker
user8482	have	passport
user8482	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user8482	other	was on the news
user8483	job_status	unemployed
user8483	has_profession	designer
user8483	has_profession	design video games
user8484	school_status	student
user8484	have_sibling	brother
user8484	place_origin	france
user8484	like_sports	soccer
user8484	like_sports	soccer
user8485	like_activity	photography
user8485	other	youngest
user8485	like_general	blue
user8485	school_status	student
user8486	physical_attribute	tall
user8486	employed_by_company	navy
user8486	like_read	<blank>
user8486	favorite_show	the voice
user8486	like_sports	swimming
user8487	misc_attribute	afraid
user8487	like_activity	clean
user8487	like_read	<blank>
user8487	live_in_general	sister
user8487	have_family	uncle
user8488	misc_attribute	lose control
user8488	has_profession	manager
user8488	like_music	bob marley
user8488	dislike	boss
user8489	have_family	8 brother
user8489	other	beard
user8489	physical_attribute	short
user8490	have	3 roommate
user8490	like_food	gummy bears
user8490	other	lactose intolerant
user8490	have_pet	parakeet
user8490	favorite_color	orange
user8491	like_activity	traveling
user8491	like_food	snack
user8491	favorite_music	country
user8492	like_activity	photography
user8492	like_general	candles
user8492	dislike	waking up early
user8492	like_general	rain
user8492	like_activity	spending money
user8493	employed_by_general	daycare
user8493	have	a significant other
user8493	attend_school	university
user8494	like_animal	butterfly
user8494	favorite	hero
user8494	favorite_season	summer
user8494	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user8494	dislike	dresses
user8495	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user8495	like_activity	singing
user8495	have	nickname
user8496	<blank>	seeking employment
user8496	has_ability	play instrument
user8496	like_watching	horror
user8496	favorite_color	red orange
user8496	have_family	grandmother
user8497	other	0 chewing food
user8497	physical_attribute	slow
user8497	have	medical bills
user8497	like_goto	hospital
user8498	have_vehicle	car
user8498	like_activity	politics
user8498	like_sports	fan
user8498	want_job	entrepreneur
user8499	has_profession	teacher
user8499	misc_attribute	organized
user8499	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user8499	like_general	kids
user8499	misc_attribute	overeat
user8500	like_activity	playing the lottery
user8500	has_hobby	gambling
user8500	have	money
user8500	dislike	punching clocks
user8501	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user8501	employed_by_general	hospital
user8501	marital_status	divorced
user8501	has_profession	nurse
user8501	like_read	<blank>
user8502	marital_status	engaged
user8502	marital_status	engaged
user8502	marital_status	engaged
user8503	has_profession	paramedic
user8503	want_job	nurse
user8503	live_in_general	studio apartment
user8503	have_family	3 sister
user8504	like_activity	cooking
user8504	<blank>	<blank>
user8504	like_activity	walking
user8505	have	allergy
user8505	like_drink	chocolate
user8505	own	iphone 7
user8506	favorite_movie	horror
user8506	has_profession	veterinarian
user8506	other	christian
user8506	favorite_book	stephen king
user8506	like_activity	reading
user8507	want_job	director
user8507	has_ability	play instrument
user8507	misc_attribute	sociable
user8507	has_hobby	band
user8508	has_hobby	travel
user8508	attend_school	high school
user8508	like_sports	hockey
user8508	have_family	mother
user8509	have_sibling	4 sibling
user8509	physical_attribute	short
user8510	marital_status	single
user8510	has_age	30
user8510	job_status	employed
user8510	have_pet	2 dog
user8510	has_ability	security guard
user8511	marital_status	engaged
user8511	like_watching	south park
user8511	has_hobby	baseball
user8511	job_status	employed
user8512	school_status	student
user8512	other	name is kevin
user8512	has_ability	play instrument
user8512	like_activity	working out
user8513	want_job	photographer
user8513	marital_status	widow
user8513	like_music	adam levine
user8513	like_activity	photography
user8514	want	help
user8514	other	bisexual
user8514	job_status	seeking employment
user8514	have_family	parents
user8515	dislike	losing things
user8515	like_food	fish
user8515	like_activity	hiking
user8515	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user8516	misc_attribute	friendly
user8516	has_ability	bad lying
user8516	like_activity	filming
user8516	misc_attribute	crazy
user8516	dislike	death
user8517	has_age	4
user8517	like_activity	playing outside
user8517	have_family	father
user8517	have_family	mother
user8517	have	princess bed
user8518	physical_attribute	brunette
user8518	dislike	red meat
user8518	like_sports	surfing
user8518	like_watching	sunsets
user8518	live_in_general	near the ocean
user8519	have_sibling	4 sibling
user8519	physical_attribute	short
user8520	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user8520	favorite_movie	good burger
user8520	other	carnivore
user8520	like_activity	whittling
user8521	like_food	food with no animal product
user8521	other	help with bookeeping
user8521	employed_by_general	grocery store
user8521	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user8521	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user8522	like_animal	fish
user8522	has_profession	athlete
user8522	like_activity	board games
user8522	has_profession	driver
user8522	have_chidren	4 daughter
user8523	dislike	sleeping in
user8523	has_profession	trainer
user8523	job_status	employed
user8523	want	know
user8524	favorite_food	taco
user8524	like_activity	drawing
user8524	place_origin	france
user8524	school_status	student
user8525	has_hobby	tennis
user8525	<blank>	<blank>
user8525	like_watching	comedy
user8526	other	vegan
user8526	like_music	country
user8526	like_goto	beach
user8526	like_read	<blank>
user8527	has_hobby	tennis
user8527	favorite_color	green
user8527	like_watching	comedy
user8527	<blank>	<blank>
user8528	like_activity	skiing
user8528	favorite_place	florida
user8528	has_hobby	singing
user8528	favorite_color	yellow
user8529	other	free spirit
user8529	dislike	working
user8529	like_general	family and fun
user8529	like_activity	survivalism
user8530	like_activity	shopping
user8530	favorite	halloween
user8530	like_general	remodelling homes
user8530	like_sports	archery
user8530	like_activity	hunting
user8531	have	blood sugar problems
user8531	have_pet	3 dog
user8531	has_ability	play instrument
user8531	have_vehicle	bicycle
user8531	dislike	working out
user8532	like_sports	sports
user8532	employed_by_general	government
user8532	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user8533	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user8533	live_in_general	studio apartment
user8533	have_family	3 sister
user8533	has_profession	paramedic
user8534	has_ability	fall up stairs
user8534	like_food	french fries
user8534	have_vehicle	bicycle
user8534	employed_by_company	del taco
user8535	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user8535	has_ability	play instrument
user8535	has_profession	rapper
user8535	own	mansion
user8536	marital_status	married
user8536	like_general	family
user8536	like_activity	art projects
user8536	gender	female
user8536	like_activity	traveling
user8537	has_age	50
user8537	have_chidren	4 children
user8537	marital_status	married
user8537	have_chidren	children
user8538	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user8538	has_hobby	singing
user8538	has_hobby	volley ball
user8538	teach	6 teaching
user8539	has_hobby	hunting
user8539	like_watching	television
user8539	like_general	tigers baseball team
user8539	physical_attribute	thin
user8540	have	1 new house
user8540	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user8540	like_activity	making coffee
user8540	has_ability	brewing
user8541	favorite_animal	zebra
user8541	dislike	beach
user8541	other	allergies
user8541	want_job	actress
user8542	have_pet	dog
user8542	misc_attribute	shy
user8542	like_activity	singing
user8542	misc_attribute	content
user8543	has_profession	baseball player
user8543	job_status	employed
user8543	attend_school	miami university
user8543	have_chidren	3 children
user8544	other	carnivore
user8544	favorite_movie	good burger
user8544	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user8544	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user8545	like_goto	movie theater
user8545	job_status	employed
user8545	like_activity	walking
user8545	like_general	<blank>
user8545	have_pet	2 dog
user8546	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user8546	favorite_activity	robotics
user8546	other	conservative
user8546	employed_by_company	amazon
user8546	live_in_general	rural
user8547	other	am lonely
user8547	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user8547	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user8547	have	90000 dollars
user8548	has_profession	teacher
user8548	own	0 television
user8548	like_read	<blank>
user8549	dislike	holidays
user8549	have_vehicle	ford
user8549	has_profession	police
user8549	marital_status	3 married
user8550	have	2 broken arm
user8550	misc_attribute	social
user8550	marital_status	widow
user8551	job_status	employed
user8551	have_vehicle	car
user8551	job_status	work all the time
user8552	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user8552	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8552	have_family	children
user8552	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user8553	has_hobby	traveling
user8553	attend_school	university
user8553	favorite_food	ice cream
user8553	has_profession	construction
user8554	favorite_activity	gardening
user8554	other	am a widow
user8554	like_drink	coffee
user8554	has_age	77
user8555	like_general	<blank>
user8555	like_activity	walking
user8555	like_goto	movie theater
user8555	have_pet	2 dog
user8556	favorite_show	friends
user8556	has_profession	<blank>
user8556	favorite_food	sushi
user8557	want_job	doctor
user8557	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user8557	like_activity	traveling
user8557	like_music	van halen
user8557	has_hobby	fashion
user8558	misc_attribute	complex
user8558	like_watching	foreign
user8558	want_do	speak language
user8558	like_activity	learning
user8558	own	computer
user8559	physical_attribute	allergic
user8559	like_general	having my back scratched
user8559	have	1 shoes
user8560	like_watching	movies
user8560	like_music	funk rock
user8560	have_pet	cat
user8560	like_food	taco
user8560	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user8561	want_job	author
user8561	has_hobby	writing
user8561	dislike	0 <blank>
user8561	has_profession	trainer
user8561	has_ability	novel writing
user8562	job_status	not a basketball player
user8562	want_do	retire
user8562	employed_by_company	ibm
user8562	physical_attribute	tall
user8562	like_music	the rolling stones
user8563	like_activity	shopping
user8563	has_profession	blogger
user8563	has_hobby	cheerleading
user8563	have_chidren	children
user8564	marital_status	divorced
user8564	employed_by_general	bank
user8564	has_hobby	teapots
user8564	like_animal	cat
user8565	like_activity	collecting rocks
user8565	like_general	huge paintings.
user8565	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user8565	like_activity	zumba
user8566	want_job	writer
user8566	teach	english literature
user8566	like_activity	story telling
user8566	have_family	0 husband
user8567	dislike	socializing
user8567	like_general	winning
user8567	like_drink	coffee
user8567	misc_attribute	attentive
user8568	place_origin	new york
user8568	want_do	study abroad in spain
user8568	school_status	student
user8568	want_job	teacher
user8568	like_sports	football
user8569	have_pet	parakeet
user8569	other	lactose intolerant
user8569	favorite_color	orange
user8569	like_food	gummy bears
user8569	have	3 roommate
user8570	like_music	<blank>
user8570	like_activity	go to lake
user8570	has_hobby	knitting
user8570	like_activity	walking
user8570	misc_attribute	happy
user8571	have_pet	cat
user8571	like_goto	starbucks
user8571	like_goto	antique stores
user8571	favorite_food	subway
user8571	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user8572	favorite_drink	chocolate
user8572	job_status	unemployed
user8572	like_sports	swimming
user8572	dislike	0 taco
user8573	<blank>	seeking employment
user8573	favorite_color	red orange
user8573	like_watching	horror
user8573	has_ability	play instrument
user8574	has_profession	at bar
user8574	like_activity	surfing
user8574	has_ability	cook
user8574	has_ability	play instrument
user8574	like_music	country
user8575	own	blue shoes
user8575	have_vehicle	car
user8575	like_music	elvis
user8575	like_general	the color blue
user8575	physical_attribute	blue hair
user8576	marital_status	married
user8576	misc_attribute	1 religious
user8576	favorite_book	the bible
user8577	want_do	travel
user8577	job_status	retired
user8577	like_activity	walking
user8577	has_profession	teacher
user8578	other	character
user8578	job_status	internship
user8578	want_do	skydiving
user8578	have_pet	reptile
user8579	like_activity	swimming
user8579	has_profession	secretary
user8579	have_pet	3 cat
user8579	favorite_color	orange
user8579	like_food	taco
user8580	like_music	linkin park
user8580	misc_attribute	quiet
user8580	other	was diagnosed with autism
user8580	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user8581	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user8581	like_general	boots
user8581	like_general	sleeping in
user8581	<blank>	<blank>
user8581	like_general	leather clothes
user8582	have	eyebrow piercing
user8582	other	parents are teachers
user8582	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user8582	have_sibling	sister
user8583	like_general	blue
user8583	have_sibling	3 sibling
user8583	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user8583	like_activity	drawing
user8584	like_activity	photography
user8584	dislike	waking up early
user8584	like_general	rain
user8584	like_general	candles
user8585	like_general	going to bed late
user8585	like_food	chinese
user8585	have	bas social life
user8585	has_profession	make robots
user8585	marital_status	single
user8586	misc_attribute	dirty
user8586	own	suspenders
user8586	want	a real dragon
user8586	have_pet	cat
user8587	own	0 television
user8587	has_ability	pilot
user8587	has_profession	lawyer
user8587	has_hobby	photography
user8587	live_in_general	mountains
user8588	place_origin	farm
user8588	has_profession	veterinarian
user8588	have_family	2 nephew
user8589	favorite_color	purple
user8589	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user8589	have_pet	1 lizard
user8589	<blank>	plants
user8590	other	vegan
user8590	previous_profession	actress
user8590	like_general	my job
user8590	like_animal	all animals
user8590	favorite_music	country
user8591	has_profession	finance
user8591	want_job	teacher
user8591	school_status	graduated
user8591	have_chidren	son
user8591	has_ability	play instrument
user8592	have_chidren	5 children
user8592	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user8592	member_of	church
user8592	like_read	agatha christie
user8593	have_chidren	twins
user8593	have_chidren	3 children
user8593	physical_attribute	sick
user8593	physical_attribute	pregnant
user8594	like_sports	surfing
user8594	like_animal	panda
user8594	other	vegetarian
user8595	like_watching	news
user8595	like_general	activism
user8595	like_read	female authors
user8595	has_profession	legal assistant
user8595	like_activity	activist work
user8596	has_hobby	video games
user8596	dislike	job
user8596	has_age	32
user8596	live_in_general	with parents
user8597	has_ability	play instrument
user8597	dislike	pants
user8597	dislike	reading
user8598	misc_attribute	religious
user8598	dislike	evil
user8598	misc_attribute	religious
user8599	favorite_music_artist	creed
user8599	other	carnivore
user8599	like_sports	running
user8599	have	welfare
user8600	dislike	driving
user8600	favorite	number is 7
user8600	like_activity	reading
user8600	like_general	scratching
user8600	other	deaf man
user8601	want_do	schooling
user8601	want_do	learning
user8601	want_do	<blank>
user8601	like_watching	netflix
user8601	have_sibling	sister
user8602	live_in_general	home
user8602	other	commutes
user8602	have	2 science classes
user8602	school_status	student
user8602	employed_by_general	library
user8603	have_family	3 ex wives
user8603	dislike	acting
user8603	dislike	kids
user8603	have_vehicle	ferrari
user8604	job_status	employed
user8604	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user8604	place_origin	london
user8604	like_activity	painting
user8605	misc_attribute	religious
user8605	has_profession	fitness guru
user8605	misc_attribute	carefree
user8605	has_profession	salesman
user8605	has_age	53
user8606	job_status	employed
user8606	like_goto	park
user8606	like_sports	running
user8606	favorite_color	green
user8607	like_read	news
user8607	like_general	technology
user8607	has_ability	website design
user8607	want_do	invest in stock market
user8608	have_chidren	2 children
user8608	has_hobby	baseball
user8608	has_profession	doctor
user8609	has_profession	owner
user8609	job_status	employed
user8609	job_status	employed
user8609	own	consulting firm
user8609	has_ability	lucky
user8610	like_animal	dog
user8610	like_activity	baking
user8610	like_drink	coke
user8610	like_food	bagels
user8610	like_activity	running
user8611	like_watching	reality tv
user8611	want_do	move
user8611	previous_profession	farmer
user8611	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user8612	employed_by_general	online company
user8612	teach	cheerleading
user8612	has_ability	cook
user8612	like_general	family time
user8612	other	soccer mom
user8613	favorite_place	beach
user8613	marital_status	married
user8613	has_profession	teacher
user8614	has_hobby	community theater
user8614	other	parents are doctors
user8614	school_status	student
user8614	want_job	actor
user8614	like_general	love
user8615	has_degree	masters
user8615	have_pet	skunk
user8615	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user8615	have	green nails
user8616	has_hobby	fishing
user8617	have_pet	3 dog
user8617	have_chidren	2 children
user8617	has_profession	physical therapist
user8617	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user8618	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user8618	like_goto	farmers market
user8618	employed_by_general	university
user8618	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user8618	has_ability	play instrument
user8619	like_general	iphone
user8619	own	ebooks
user8619	marital_status	single
user8619	like_movie	superhero
user8619	own	2 monitors
user8620	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user8620	has_hobby	football
user8620	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user8620	like_read	fiction
user8620	favorite_book	science fiction
user8621	has_hobby	soap making
user8621	favorite_food	fruit
user8621	own	greenhouse
user8621	has_ability	composting
user8622	like_music	rock
user8622	other	diabetic
user8622	like_activity	video games
user8623	own	1 bar
user8623	marital_status	married
user8623	misc_attribute	competitive
user8623	like_food	eggplant
user8624	like_goto	beach
user8624	school_status	graduate student
user8624	has_hobby	cooking
user8624	have	obsession with dog
user8625	like_activity	cooking
user8625	misc_attribute	vain
user8625	physical_attribute	curly hair
user8626	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user8626	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8626	like_activity	driving
user8626	have_family	children
user8626	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user8627	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user8627	employed_by_general	marketing
user8627	like_read	books
user8627	like_activity	video games
user8628	dislike	running
user8628	have_pet	2 cat
user8628	like_watching	sport
user8628	favorite_color	orange
user8628	have_chidren	child
user8629	has_profession	waiter
user8629	has_hobby	cycling
user8629	marital_status	single
user8630	like_animal	animals
user8630	like_food	chicken
user8630	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user8630	like_activity	reading
user8630	employed_by_general	hotel
user8631	has_ability	cook
user8631	like_sports	cycling
user8631	has_ability	3 speak language
user8631	favorite_activity	outdoors
user8632	job_status	retired
user8632	want_do	travel
user8632	like_activity	walking
user8632	has_profession	teacher
user8633	have_chidren	3 children
user8633	like_activity	singing
user8633	has_profession	truck driver
user8634	live_in_general	on lake
user8634	misc_attribute	romantic
user8634	like_activity	walking
user8635	have	a few friends
user8635	like_general	katy perry
user8635	like_activity	sewing
user8635	like_activity	hunting
user8636	misc_attribute	popular
user8636	school_status	student
user8636	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user8637	like_music	<blank>
user8637	misc_attribute	happy
user8637	has_hobby	knitting
user8637	like_activity	go to lake
user8637	like_activity	walking
user8638	school_status	student
user8638	like_general	love
user8638	has_hobby	community theater
user8638	want_job	actor
user8638	other	parents are doctors
user8639	physical_attribute	brunette
user8639	like_read	<blank>
user8639	like_general	blue
user8639	employed_by_general	grocery store
user8640	like_food	cheese
user8640	like_activity	travel
user8640	employed_by_general	factory
user8641	have	money
user8641	has_profession	car maker
user8641	like_food	macaroni
user8641	like_sports	water ski
user8641	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user8642	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user8642	like_music	funk rock
user8642	like_watching	movies
user8642	have_pet	cat
user8642	like_food	taco
user8643	physical_attribute	overweight
user8643	like_activity	larp
user8643	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user8643	has_profession	designer
user8643	physical_attribute	tall
user8644	own	cupcake business
user8644	has_ability	to be late
user8644	like_activity	singing
user8644	employed_by_general	diner
user8645	school_status	graduated
user8645	<blank>	<blank>
user8645	have_chidren	3 children
user8645	live_in_general	suburbs
user8645	has_profession	teacher
user8646	favorite_color	purple
user8646	physical_attribute	blonde
user8646	like_activity	ballet
user8647	attend_school	high school
user8647	gender	female
user8647	physical_attribute	blonde
user8648	like_general	family and fun
user8648	other	free spirit
user8648	dislike	working
user8648	like_activity	survivalism
user8649	physical_attribute	buff
user8649	like_watching	comedy
user8649	like_activity	fashion
user8649	have	beard
user8649	has_profession	attorney
user8650	attend_school	high school
user8650	misc_attribute	organized
user8650	like_general	mother
user8650	like_watching	greys anatomy
user8650	like_activity	music
user8651	misc_attribute	cold
user8651	has_hobby	shopping
user8651	has_hobby	writing
user8651	<blank>	<blank>
user8651	live_in_general	alone
user8652	have	beard
user8652	like_watching	comedy
user8652	has_profession	attorney
user8652	like_activity	fashion
user8652	physical_attribute	buff
user8653	have	never
user8653	want_do	go to europe
user8653	like_activity	shopping
user8653	gender	female
user8654	have_chidren	3 children
user8654	has_degree	statistics
user8654	has_ability	card countin
user8654	want_job	casino manager
user8655	marital_status	married
user8655	has_degree	masters
user8655	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user8656	like_activity	ballet
user8656	favorite_color	purple
user8656	physical_attribute	blonde
user8656	like_activity	video games
user8657	marital_status	engaged
user8657	marital_status	engaged
user8658	like_general	people
user8658	want	immortality
user8658	have_pet	dog and cat
user8658	like_general	technology
user8659	physical_attribute	blonde
user8659	has_age	53
user8659	physical_attribute	overweight
user8659	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user8660	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user8660	has_hobby	hiking
user8660	has_degree	american literature and education
user8660	want_job	teacher
user8660	school_status	graduated
user8661	like_read	books
user8661	attend_school	university
user8661	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user8661	like_read	1984
user8661	school_status	student
user8662	like_general	having my back scratched
user8662	have	1 shoes
user8662	favorite	eat at restaurant
user8663	physical_attribute	buff
user8663	has_profession	athlete
user8663	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user8663	has_hobby	working out
user8664	misc_attribute	helpful
user8664	other	walking
user8664	like_goto	market
user8664	live_in_general	city
user8665	marital_status	engaged
user8665	employed_by_general	theater
user8665	like_animal	animals
user8666	like_read	comics
user8666	has_hobby	collect autographs
user8666	like_food	organic
user8666	own	2 snakes
user8667	has_profession	cashier
user8667	like_general	clothes
user8667	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user8667	like_general	cold weather
user8668	like_general	helping others
user8668	favorite_food	sushi
user8668	has_degree	nursing
user8669	like_activity	hiking
user8669	like_activity	talking on the phone
user8669	like_food	vegetables
user8669	has_ability	1 speak language
user8669	like_activity	gambling
user8670	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user8670	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user8670	want	magic was real
user8670	have_chidren	daughter
user8670	like_general	christmas
user8671	like_sports	surfing
user8671	like_animal	panda
user8671	other	vegetarian
user8672	like_activity	pottery
user8672	like_activity	refurbishing
user8672	misc_attribute	unstable
user8672	have	appeared on jeopardy
user8672	other	recovering alcoholic
user8673	have_family	sibling
user8673	like_activity	hiking
user8673	physical_attribute	1 arm
user8673	school_status	graduated
user8673	has_profession	farmer
user8674	misc_attribute	artistic
user8674	has_ability	scream
user8674	dislike	people
user8674	attend_school	homeschool
user8675	want_job	musician
user8675	marital_status	married
user8675	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user8675	job_status	employed
user8675	has_profession	factory worker
user8676	like_activity	cosplay
user8676	like_activity	watching television
user8676	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user8676	favorite_show	game of thrones
user8677	school_status	student
user8677	misc_attribute	sheltered
user8677	has_age	17
user8677	want_do	raise hell
user8677	school_status	student
user8678	dislike	future
user8678	have_family	mother
user8678	other	adopted
user8679	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user8679	favorite	rose
user8679	has_profession	waiter
user8679	school_status	student
user8679	have_chidren	daughter
user8680	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user8680	have_sibling	brother
user8680	dislike	city
user8680	other	omar
user8680	has_ability	play instrument
user8681	has_profession	doctor
user8681	have_chidren	2 children
user8682	like_food	sushi
user8682	attend_school	graduate school
user8682	school_status	student
user8683	misc_attribute	above average
user8683	like_watching	talk show
user8683	like_activity	gossiping
user8683	dislike	kissing
user8684	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user8684	has_profession	nurse
user8684	other	vegan
user8684	like_read	<blank>
user8685	want_job	director
user8685	has_ability	play instrument
user8685	misc_attribute	sociable
user8685	has_hobby	band
user8686	physical_attribute	thin
user8686	has_hobby	hunting
user8686	like_watching	television
user8686	like_general	tigers baseball team
user8687	has_hobby	shopping
user8687	like_general	self
user8687	other	care about way i look
user8687	has_hobby	check reflection
user8687	misc_attribute	suspicious
user8688	have	6 shoe size women
user8688	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user8688	have_pet	1 dog
user8688	has_ability	play instrument
user8688	want_job	journalist
user8689	like_activity	video games
user8689	has_ability	play instrument
user8689	other	gay
user8689	other	carnivore
user8690	like_food	home-cooked meals
user8690	favorite_show	fantasy
user8690	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user8691	physical_attribute	short
user8691	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user8691	physical_attribute	round
user8691	like_activity	reading
user8692	like_activity	writing
user8692	like_food	green tea
user8692	like_watching	mystery
user8692	<blank>	<blank>
user8693	like_goto	market
user8693	misc_attribute	helpful
user8693	live_in_general	city
user8693	other	walking
user8694	have_pet	1 dog
user8694	has_ability	play instrument
user8694	has_ability	play instrument
user8695	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user8695	like_general	blue
user8695	like_food	home-cooked meals
user8695	favorite_show	fantasy
user8696	favorite	bob ross
user8696	has_profession	accountant
user8696	has_hobby	hiking
user8697	like_activity	reading
user8697	misc_attribute	smart
user8697	physical_attribute	short
user8697	physical_attribute	round
user8698	favorite_food	spaghetti
user8698	like_music	one direction
user8698	want_job	athlete
user8699	employed_by_company	amazon
user8699	other	conservative
user8699	favorite_activity	robotics
user8699	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user8699	live_in_general	rural
user8700	have	0 traveled.
user8700	employed_by_general	dog walker
user8700	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8700	like_food	ice cream
user8701	misc_attribute	healthy
user8701	misc_attribute	smart
user8701	misc_attribute	social
user8701	member_of	other club
user8702	favorite_color	orange
user8702	has_profession	musician
user8702	physical_attribute	long nails
user8702	dislike	make up
user8702	have_vehicle	moped
user8703	has_hobby	tabletop games
user8703	own	inhaler
user8703	like_activity	rpg computer games
user8703	have	crush
user8704	favorite	superman
user8704	like_drink	pepsi
user8704	have_vehicle	toyota
user8704	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user8705	dislike	running
user8705	favorite_color	orange
user8705	like_watching	sport
user8705	have_pet	2 cat
user8706	employed_by_company	google
user8706	has_profession	engineer
user8706	like_food	lobster
user8706	employed_by_company	google
user8707	like_activity	skateboarding
user8707	like_general	<blank>
user8707	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user8707	have_pet	4 cat
user8707	own	30 shoes
user8708	has_hobby	reading
user8708	favorite_movie	disney movies
user8708	have_family	parents
user8708	has_profession	waitress
user8709	school_status	graduated
user8709	have_chidren	3 children
user8709	<blank>	<blank>
user8709	live_in_general	suburbs
user8710	place_origin	spain
user8710	has_profession	veterinarian
user8710	other	vegetarian
user8710	marital_status	married
user8710	favorite_music	hip hop
user8711	dislike	beet
user8711	has_ability	cook
user8711	dislike	traffic
user8711	other	vegetarian
user8711	like_activity	sleeping
user8712	own	music store
user8712	want_do	retire to florida
user8712	other	like to help animals
user8713	has_hobby	traveling
user8713	has_profession	truck driver
user8713	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user8713	has_age	43
user8713	physical_attribute	tattooed
user8714	like_general	blue
user8714	employed_by_general	military
user8714	has_age	25
user8714	has_hobby	wrestling
user8715	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user8715	have	90000 dollars
user8715	want_do	10 own horses
user8715	favorite_drink	1 beer
user8715	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user8716	like_read	books
user8716	dislike	country
user8716	like_general	time with friends
user8716	dislike	hot weather
user8717	like_activity	cooking
user8717	have	2 roommate
user8717	dislike	clowns
user8717	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user8718	like_activity	talking
user8718	like_watching	sitcoms
user8718	have_vehicle	honda
user8718	want_do	reading
user8719	other	was accepted to participate
user8719	misc_attribute	shy
user8719	has_ability	unclear
user8719	misc_attribute	shy
user8719	has_ability	sing
user8720	like_goto	mcdonald
user8720	has_profession	retailer
user8720	have_sibling	8 children
user8720	have	friends
user8720	want	love
user8721	misc_attribute	confident
user8721	other	democrat
user8721	like_food	fish
user8721	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user8722	attend_school	online
user8722	marital_status	engaged
user8722	like_music	rock
user8722	like_food	ice cream
user8722	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user8723	like_animal	cat
user8723	physical_attribute	overweight
user8723	has_profession	baker
user8723	have_family	husband
user8723	has_hobby	video games
user8724	like_goto	comic con
user8724	has_ability	play instrument
user8724	other	am lesbian
user8724	has_profession	writer
user8725	like_sports	sports
user8725	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user8725	favorite	raptors
user8725	has_ability	sleeping
user8726	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user8726	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user8726	has_profession	mortician
user8726	want_do	pilot
user8726	like_general	colors
user8727	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user8727	like_music	marduk
user8727	dislike	losing things
user8727	like_food	fish
user8727	like_activity	hiking
user8728	other	8 grandchildren
user8728	has_hobby	working out
user8728	physical_attribute	attractive
user8728	job_status	retired
user8729	have_sibling	4 sibling
user8729	have_vehicle	honda
user8729	school_status	student
user8730	like_general	to chat with my friends
user8730	like_read	in a series
user8730	like_activity	driving
user8731	want	join military when younger
user8731	previous_profession	mechanic
user8731	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user8731	has_ability	can build computers
user8732	like_activity	working out
user8732	like_activity	praying
user8732	like_general	building apps
user8732	like_general	people
user8733	employed_by_general	architect firm
user8733	like_activity	fishing
user8733	want	someone
user8733	like_activity	cooking
user8733	have_pet	3 dog
user8734	other	am dumpy
user8734	have	long fingers
user8734	physical_attribute	long legs
user8734	dislike	shrimp
user8735	like_music	frank sinatra
user8735	like_activity	cooking
user8735	like_food	cheese
user8735	gender	female
user8736	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user8736	has_profession	blogger
user8736	have_chidren	children
user8736	like_activity	shopping
user8737	live_in_general	rural area
user8737	favorite_food	pasta
user8737	like_activity	helping
user8737	has_age	older
user8737	job_status	retired
user8738	own	band tees
user8738	like_goto	comic-con
user8738	like_music	techno
user8738	like_general	anime
user8739	has_ability	single
user8739	like_general	iphone
user8739	own	2 monitors
user8739	own	ebooks
user8739	like_movie	superhero
user8740	other	orphan
user8740	misc_attribute	clown
user8740	like_general	attention
user8740	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user8741	like_general	activism
user8741	like_read	female authors
user8741	like_watching	news
user8741	has_profession	legal assistant
user8742	has_age	7
user8742	like_sports	soccer
user8742	school_status	rejected
user8743	has_ability	earn passive income
user8743	have	bizarre dreams
user8743	like_activity	surfing
user8743	like_music	muggers
user8743	marital_status	single
user8744	employed_by_general	railroad
user8744	like_music	vnv nation
user8744	other	omnivore
user8744	like_watching	science fiction
user8744	like_food	pretzels
user8745	have	pink hair
user8745	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user8745	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user8745	has_hobby	fencing
user8746	<blank>	<blank>
user8746	has_hobby	photography
user8746	like_activity	traveling
user8746	has_profession	chef
user8747	has_hobby	movies
user8747	want_job	restauranteur
user8747	favorite_color	hunter green
user8747	like_activity	cooking
user8748	have	3 roommate
user8748	favorite_color	orange
user8748	like_food	gummy bears
user8748	other	lactose intolerant
user8748	have_pet	parakeet
user8749	like_music	muggers
user8749	marital_status	single
user8749	like_activity	surfing
user8749	has_ability	earn passive income
user8750	like_activity	chatting with friends
user8750	like_activity	cooking
user8750	like_food	<blank>
user8750	like_activity	shopping
user8750	like_general	children
user8751	like_sports	swimming
user8751	like_food	spicy
user8751	have_family	only child
user8752	other	mother
user8752	want	child
user8752	like_food	hummus
user8752	misc_attribute	bipolar
user8752	has_profession	nurse
user8753	has_hobby	painting
user8753	have	won lottery
user8753	has_ability	lie
user8754	like_goto	florida
user8754	dislike	social situations
user8754	other	mild ocd
user8754	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user8755	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user8755	place_origin	baltimore
user8755	physical_attribute	thin
user8756	school_status	student
user8756	like_sports	field hockey
user8756	like_animal	dog
user8756	want_job	veterinarian
user8756	has_age	15
user8757	want_job	astronaut
user8757	have_vehicle	car
user8757	favorite	penn and teller
user8757	have_pet	2 dog
user8758	like_music	the story so far
user8758	previous_profession	factory worker
user8758	employed_by_general	online
user8758	previous_profession	musician
user8758	like_food	meat
user8759	want	pet
user8759	like_goto	outside
user8759	own	money
user8760	employed_by_company	walmart
user8760	favorite_music_artist	muse
user8760	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user8760	like_food	food with no animal product
user8761	favorite_color	orange
user8761	other	lactose intolerant
user8761	have	3 roommate
user8761	have_pet	parakeet
user8762	like_general	my work
user8762	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8762	like_music	classical
user8762	marital_status	married
user8762	like_sports	golf
user8763	like_general	books
user8763	like_activity	sewing
user8763	have_pet	cat
user8763	employed_by_general	cafe
user8764	want	to visit rome
user8764	like_activity	fashion
user8764	like_music	kurt cobain
user8764	have	"drivers license"
user8764	have_family	father
user8765	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user8765	has_hobby	running
user8765	favorite_sport	basketball
user8765	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user8765	has_hobby	running
user8766	misc_attribute	patriotic
user8766	like_food	takeout
user8766	other	look down on people
user8766	has_profession	finance
user8766	school_status	graduated
user8767	has_hobby	jogging
user8767	has_ability	donor
user8767	have	boyfriend
user8767	has_profession	waiter
user8768	like_food	taco
user8768	attend_school	michigan
user8768	favorite_season	summer
user8768	school_status	graduated
user8769	has_hobby	tap dancing
user8769	favorite_book	david copperfield
user8769	has_hobby	baking
user8769	physical_attribute	short
user8769	have_sibling	twin brother
user8770	has_hobby	reading
user8770	like_sports	soccer
user8770	have_family	parents
user8770	has_profession	waitress
user8770	favorite_movie	disney movies
user8771	employed_by_general	gas station
user8771	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user8771	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user8771	like_goto	grocery store
user8771	has_profession	salesman
user8772	job_status	unemployed
user8772	has_profession	babysitter
user8772	like_activity	riding the bus
user8772	favorite_color	yellow
user8772	not_have	money
user8773	want_do	go to europe
user8773	like_activity	dancing
user8773	gender	female
user8773	have	never
user8773	like_activity	shopping
user8774	job_status	employed
user8774	like_activity	baking
user8774	like_general	internet
user8774	favorite_music	country
user8774	other	vegetarian
user8775	gender	female
user8775	have_chidren	5 children
user8775	like_activity	crocheting
user8775	like_animal	cat
user8776	other	sexual identity
user8776	dislike	rejection from parents
user8776	gender	different
user8776	misc_attribute	out of touch
user8777	gender	male
user8777	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user8777	own	farm
user8777	live_in_general	wife and kids
user8777	have_pet	3 dog
user8778	like_music	rap
user8778	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user8778	favorite	california love
user8778	have_vehicle	car
user8778	have_vehicle	car
user8779	have_sibling	3 sibling
user8779	like_general	blue
user8779	like_activity	drawing
user8779	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user8780	has_ability	play instrument
user8780	like_food	shrimp
user8780	has_ability	karate
user8780	has_hobby	vacation
user8780	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user8781	<blank>	<blank>
user8781	school_status	graduated
user8781	has_profession	teacher
user8781	have_chidren	3 children
user8782	like_sports	soccer
user8782	has_age	7
user8782	school_status	rejected
user8783	has_age	15
user8783	other	braces
user8783	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user8783	attend_school	high school
user8784	attend_school	university
user8784	like_sports	steelers
user8784	like_goto	broadway shows
user8784	like_music	avert brother
user8784	has_hobby	traveling
user8785	attend_school	university
user8785	like_activity	shopping
user8785	live_in_general	small town
user8785	want_job	nurse
user8786	like_food	pancakes
user8786	has_hobby	fishing
user8786	own	large ax
user8786	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user8786	like_general	lumberjacking
user8787	favorite_season	winter
user8787	dislike	swimsuits
user8787	other	am frugal
user8788	has_age	25
user8788	have_pet	doberman
user8788	has_profession	mechanic
user8788	gender	male
user8789	want	autographs from authors
user8789	other	used to wear glasses
user8789	favorite_color	green
user8789	job_status	seeking employment
user8790	have	boyfriend
user8790	has_hobby	jogging
user8790	has_ability	donor
user8790	has_profession	waiter
user8791	like_activity	drawing and painting
user8791	own	house
user8791	have_vehicle	car
user8791	like_general	blue
user8791	job_status	employed
user8792	live_in_general	house
user8792	have	friends
user8792	like_animal	dogs and cats
user8793	have_pet	skunk
user8793	have	green nails
user8793	has_degree	masters
user8793	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user8794	have_family	parents
user8794	have_chidren	2 son
user8794	misc_attribute	incomplete
user8794	have	a house
user8795	have_vehicle	convertible
user8795	misc_attribute	exciting
user8795	has_profession	lifeguard
user8795	like_activity	spreading happiness
user8795	like_music	katy perry
user8796	have_family	grandfather
user8796	like_sports	basketball
user8796	have_pet	cat
user8796	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user8797	place_origin	spain
user8797	have_family	step dad
user8797	dislike	dad
user8797	has_profession	programmer
user8798	own	universe
user8798	like_activity	clubbing
user8798	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user8798	has_profession	dental assistant
user8799	employed_by_general	hotel
user8799	like_food	junk food
user8799	has_hobby	writing
user8799	favorite_music	kpop
user8799	like_activity	video games
user8800	like_drink	chocolate
user8800	have	allergy
user8800	own	iphone 7
user8801	have_pet	dog
user8801	school_status	student
user8801	misc_attribute	popular
user8802	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user8802	has_degree	masters
user8802	own	my home
user8802	marital_status	married
user8803	like_general	cold weather
user8803	like_general	clothes
user8803	has_profession	cashier
user8803	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user8804	teach	kindergarten
user8804	has_hobby	kayaking
user8804	school_status	2016 graduated
user8804	has_profession	teacher
user8805	favorite	eat at restaurant
user8805	physical_attribute	allergic
user8805	have	1 shoes
user8806	other	<blank>
user8806	like_food	vegetables
user8806	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user8806	misc_attribute	shy
user8806	have	trouble connecting with family
user8807	favorite_food	steak
user8807	live_in_general	condo
user8807	misc_attribute	focused
user8807	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user8807	like_music	opera
user8808	dislike	caffeine
user8808	like_music	the rolling stones
user8808	job_status	employed
user8808	like_activity	guitar
user8809	has_hobby	drawing
user8809	misc_attribute	creative
user8809	like_general	comics
user8809	want_do	give up
user8810	like_music	strange music
user8810	want	something interesting
user8810	want	live in iceland
user8810	like_general	cold winters
user8811	dislike	beet
user8811	like_activity	sleeping
user8811	dislike	traffic
user8811	other	vegetarian
user8812	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user8812	like_general	going to bed late
user8812	has_age	29
user8812	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user8812	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user8813	physical_attribute	athletic
user8813	like_food	carrots
user8813	own	wear contacts
user8813	physical_attribute	brunette
user8813	like_activity	cycling
user8814	favorite_activity	fishing
user8814	has_ability	running
user8814	favorite_activity	float the river
user8815	want_do	own a restaurant
user8815	has_hobby	running
user8815	has_profession	cook
user8815	job_status	seeking employment
user8816	like_read	<blank>
user8816	other	am diabetic
user8816	has_hobby	listens
user8816	have_vehicle	<blank>
user8817	member_of	community center
user8817	other	allergies
user8817	like_watching	horror
user8817	physical_attribute	short hair
user8817	has_ability	play instrument
user8818	gender	female
user8818	like_activity	cooking
user8818	like_music	frank sinatra
user8818	like_food	cheese
user8818	like_watching	spongebob
user8819	have_sibling	6 sibling
user8819	have	2 broken arm
user8819	marital_status	widow
user8819	misc_attribute	social
user8820	own	upholstery shop
user8820	have_chidren	grandchildren
user8820	marital_status	married
user8820	other	mother
user8821	like_animal	butterfly
user8821	like_watching	anime
user8821	like_animal	cat
user8821	like_activity	being weird
user8822	live_in_general	apartment
user8822	has_age	25
user8822	have_chidren	daughter
user8823	dislike	pickle
user8823	has_ability	writing a novel
user8823	own	iphone
user8823	favorite_show	rick and morty
user8823	favorite_color	black
user8824	have_family	1 father
user8824	misc_attribute	anxious
user8824	live_in_general	"parents house"
user8824	has_profession	editing
user8824	have_pet	cat
user8825	other	bisexual
user8825	misc_attribute	depressed
user8825	job_status	seeking employment
user8825	want	help
user8826	dislike	vegetables
user8826	like_activity	running
user8826	physical_attribute	tall
user8826	physical_attribute	buff
user8826	has_age	9
user8827	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user8827	like_activity	cooking
user8827	has_profession	cleaner
user8828	has_hobby	teapots
user8828	employed_by_general	bank
user8828	like_animal	cat
user8828	marital_status	divorced
user8829	misc_attribute	smart
user8829	have	0 parents
user8829	dislike	sleeping
user8829	favorite_food	steak
user8829	like_activity	travel alone
user8830	want	money
user8830	have_pet	dog
user8830	misc_attribute	smart
user8831	dislike	working out
user8831	have_pet	3 dog
user8831	has_ability	play instrument
user8831	have_vehicle	bicycle
user8831	have	blood sugar problems
user8832	has_profession	teacher
user8832	marital_status	married
user8832	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user8832	has_hobby	yoga
user8832	has_hobby	volunteer
user8833	have_pet	cat
user8833	have	1 blue eye
user8833	has_ability	speak language
user8834	previous_profession	nurse
user8834	have_pet	cat
user8834	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user8835	marital_status	married
user8835	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user8835	gender	female
user8835	own	agency
user8836	has_hobby	play
user8836	want	to adopt a dog
user8836	like_food	indian cuisine
user8836	has_ability	play instrument
user8837	job_status	employed
user8837	has_hobby	hiking
user8837	other	<blank>
user8837	other	has not left country
user8837	have_sibling	3 sibling
user8838	like_music	alternative rock
user8838	favorite	holiday
user8838	employed_by_general	craft store
user8838	own	house
user8839	employed_by_company	computer company
user8839	have_chidren	5 children
user8839	like_animal	fish
user8839	school_status	student
user8840	job_status	employed
user8840	want_job	doctor
user8840	job_status	employed
user8841	have_family	mother
user8841	attend_school	welding
user8841	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user8841	<blank>	<blank>
user8842	have	won lottery
user8842	has_ability	lie
user8842	has_hobby	painting
user8842	has_hobby	painting
user8843	have_pet	2 cat
user8843	like_activity	walking
user8843	place_origin	mexico
user8843	like_activity	baking
user8844	have_sibling	sibling
user8844	like_general	computers
user8844	misc_attribute	nerd
user8844	like_activity	0 thinking
user8844	has_ability	math
user8845	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user8845	like_food	egg
user8845	has_profession	zoologist
user8845	like_read	crime
user8846	employed_by_general	it
user8846	like_food	meat
user8846	has_hobby	weed
user8847	like_watching	sport
user8847	like_sports	hockey
user8847	want	be millionaire
user8847	has_hobby	yoga
user8848	like_general	red
user8848	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user8848	has_hobby	water sports
user8848	physical_attribute	tall
user8849	like_activity	baking
user8849	like_activity	horseback riding
user8849	favorite	rose
user8849	place_origin	texas
user8850	favorite_food	italian
user8850	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user8850	like_watching	netflix
user8850	has_profession	programmer
user8851	has_profession	writer
user8851	have_pet	1 dog
user8851	physical_attribute	hair is black
user8851	like_activity	rock climbing
user8852	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user8852	job_status	employed
user8852	want	vacation
user8852	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user8852	misc_attribute	slow
user8853	dislike	feeling controlled
user8853	dislike	<blank>
user8853	misc_attribute	regretful
user8853	misc_attribute	critic
user8854	like_food	fruit
user8854	favorite_food	apple
user8854	dislike	meat
user8854	like_food	apple
user8854	like_food	apple
user8855	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user8855	has_profession	lifeguard
user8855	have_vehicle	convertible
user8855	like_music	katy perry
user8855	like_activity	spreading happiness
user8856	want_do	schooling
user8856	have_sibling	sister
user8856	want_do	learning
user8856	like_watching	netflix
user8857	like_animal	<blank>
user8857	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user8857	like_goto	animal shelters
user8857	have_pet	several
user8857	like_watching	animals
user8858	has_profession	rock band
user8858	favorite_color	orange
user8858	physical_attribute	long nails
user8858	dislike	make up
user8858	have_vehicle	moped
user8859	like_read	1984
user8859	like_read	books
user8859	school_status	student
user8859	attend_school	university
user8860	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user8860	has_hobby	knitting
user8860	like_activity	going barefoot
user8861	school_status	student
user8861	misc_attribute	sheltered
user8861	want_do	raise hell
user8861	has_age	17
user8862	like_activity	video games
user8862	have_pet	cat
user8862	own	suspenders
user8862	misc_attribute	dirty
user8863	has_hobby	art
user8863	want	go to mars
user8863	have_chidren	3 children
user8863	has_profession	scientist
user8863	has_hobby	martial arts
user8864	have_vehicle	ford
user8864	like_drink	coke
user8864	employed_by_general	retailer
user8864	like_general	katy perry
user8864	has_hobby	shopping
user8865	physical_attribute	6 tall
user8865	like_goto	school
user8865	like_activity	dancing
user8865	like_activity	running
user8866	<blank>	<blank>
user8866	has_ability	composting
user8866	own	greenhouse
user8866	has_hobby	soap making
user8866	favorite_food	fruit
user8867	have_chidren	son
user8867	want_job	teacher
user8867	has_ability	play instrument
user8867	has_profession	finance
user8867	school_status	graduated
user8868	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user8868	member_of	church
user8868	like_read	agatha christie
user8868	have_chidren	5 children
user8869	have_chidren	5 children
user8869	like_activity	drawing
user8869	like_activity	socialize
user8869	like_general	gadgets
user8869	like_general	babies
user8870	like_general	red
user8870	have_pet	2 reptile
user8870	<blank>	<blank>
user8870	physical_attribute	purple hair
user8871	misc_attribute	quiet
user8871	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user8871	like_music	linkin park
user8871	other	was diagnosed with autism
user8872	like_activity	riding
user8872	have	homes
user8872	other	eat less meat than usual
user8872	like_activity	horseback riding
user8872	like_general	cars
user8873	like_activity	singing
user8873	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user8873	like_activity	video games
user8873	has_profession	teacher
user8873	like_movie	magic mike
user8874	like_general	blue
user8874	like_general	nature
user8874	like_activity	hiking
user8874	job_status	employed
user8874	like_general	eating out
user8875	physical_attribute	tall
user8875	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user8875	has_hobby	water sports
user8875	like_general	red
user8876	<blank>	<blank>
user8876	has_hobby	soap making
user8876	has_ability	composting
user8876	own	greenhouse
user8876	favorite_food	fruit
user8877	like_activity	bingo
user8877	like_general	my family
user8877	like_music	jazz
user8877	have_pet	3 dog
user8878	misc_attribute	practical
user8878	dislike	bread
user8879	employed_by_general	factory
user8879	like_music	jazz
user8879	want	bike
user8879	physical_attribute	broke nose
user8880	other	mother
user8880	want	child
user8880	like_food	hummus
user8880	has_profession	nurse
user8880	misc_attribute	bipolar
user8881	has_ability	speak language
user8881	own	an edged weapon
user8881	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user8881	have	started a fire
user8881	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user8882	has_age	25
user8882	gender	male
user8882	has_profession	mechanic
user8882	have_pet	doberman
user8883	has_profession	mechanic
user8883	have_pet	doberman
user8883	gender	male
user8884	has_profession	legal assistant
user8884	like_watching	news
user8884	like_read	female authors
user8884	like_general	activism
user8884	like_activity	activist work
user8885	physical_attribute	tall
user8885	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user8885	like_general	red
user8885	has_hobby	water sports
user8886	misc_attribute	lazy
user8886	misc_attribute	weird
user8886	have	2 hair
user8886	physical_attribute	<blank>
user8887	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user8887	want_do	eat: insect
user8887	has_hobby	surfing
user8887	like_read	twilight
user8888	has_hobby	community theater
user8888	other	parents are doctors
user8888	like_general	love
user8888	school_status	student
user8889	has_hobby	reading
user8889	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user8889	other	not many friends
user8889	employed_by_general	museum
user8890	has_ability	play instrument
user8890	has_profession	nurse
user8890	marital_status	married
user8890	like_goto	national parks
user8891	like_music	folk
user8891	has_hobby	whittling
user8891	has_degree	communications
user8891	employed_by_general	navy
user8892	like_animal	animals
user8892	favorite_color	green
user8892	like_sports	tennis
user8892	want_job	singer
user8893	physical_attribute	strong
user8893	misc_attribute	athletic
user8893	like_animal	cat
user8894	has_hobby	weed
user8894	like_music	rap
user8894	like_food	meat
user8895	own	rose garden
user8895	like_activity	swimming
user8895	like_drink	coffee
user8896	like_activity	cooking
user8896	have_pet	cat
user8896	previous_profession	nurse
user8896	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user8897	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user8897	place_origin	san francisco
user8897	like_activity	travel
user8897	like_animal	dog
user8897	have_sibling	1 sister
user8898	like_activity	shopping
user8898	like_activity	basketball
user8898	have	phone
user8898	like_music	perfect playlist
user8898	like_general	the night
user8899	other	carnivore
user8899	like_sports	running
user8899	favorite_music_artist	creed
user8899	have	welfare
user8900	has_age	71
user8900	like_activity	gardening
user8900	favorite_food	carrots
user8900	like_food	vegetables
user8901	own	cape
user8901	like_activity	it
user8902	like_read	fantasy
user8902	other	mother
user8902	like_activity	shopping
user8902	like_activity	swimming
user8902	employed_by_company	monsanto
user8903	like_read	<blank>
user8903	employed_by_general	hospital
user8903	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user8903	marital_status	divorced
user8903	has_profession	nurse
user8904	like_activity	photography
user8904	dislike	waking up early
user8904	like_activity	spending money
user8904	like_general	candles
user8904	like_general	rain
user8905	<blank>	travel
user8905	like_activity	travel
user8906	has_profession	in marketing
user8906	own	pink hiking boots
user8906	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user8906	like_activity	hiking
user8906	like_music	folk
user8907	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user8907	has_age	18
user8907	want	any car
user8907	have_family	parents
user8907	attend_school	in a year
user8908	misc_attribute	social
user8908	misc_attribute	healthy
user8908	misc_attribute	smart
user8908	attend_school	high school
user8909	like_general	blue
user8909	like_goto	the lake
user8909	has_profession	accountant
user8909	have_pet	3 dog
user8910	have_chidren	children
user8910	live_in_general	rural area
user8910	gender	female
user8911	other	allergic
user8911	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user8911	like_food	fried
user8911	other	six months to live
user8912	like_food	candy
user8912	have	t-shirt and jeans
user8912	has_hobby	skateboarding
user8912	have	crush
user8912	attend_school	university
user8913	have	taught
user8913	has_profession	zoologist
user8913	job_status	with wife
user8914	marital_status	divorced
user8914	favorite_place	new york
user8914	like_activity	running
user8914	has_profession	lawyer
user8915	want	magic was real
user8915	like_general	christmas
user8915	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user8915	have_chidren	daughter
user8915	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user8916	employed_by_general	arena
user8916	favorite_animal	zebra
user8916	want_job	actress
user8916	has_profession	writer
user8916	have	allergy
user8917	attend_school	university
user8917	has_profession	construction
user8917	has_hobby	traveling
user8917	favorite_food	ice cream
user8918	dislike	regular life
user8918	other	am curious about space
user8918	want	be an animal
user8918	like_music	classical
user8918	dislike	family
user8919	want_do	basketball
user8919	have	knee surgery
user8919	physical_attribute	tall
user8919	school_status	graduated
user8920	like_general	place
user8920	other	wild child
user8920	have_pet	2 dog
user8920	want_do	travel
user8921	like_general	fashion
user8921	like_activity	shopping
user8921	like_general	fashion designers
user8921	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user8921	want_job	designer
user8922	attend_school	high school
user8922	misc_attribute	smart
user8922	member_of	other club
user8922	misc_attribute	social
user8922	misc_attribute	healthy
user8923	want	mom was healthier
user8923	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user8923	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user8923	want	to go to another school
user8924	have	sausage fingers
user8924	has_ability	draw
user8924	favorite_drink	sprite
user8924	physical_attribute	am bloated
user8924	misc_attribute	funny
user8925	misc_attribute	social
user8925	have_sibling	6 sibling
user8925	marital_status	widow
user8926	favorite	iphone
user8926	like_activity	hiking
user8926	misc_attribute	confused
user8926	has_profession	banker
user8926	dislike	traveling
user8927	employed_by_company	monsanto
user8927	like_activity	shopping
user8927	like_read	fantasy
user8927	other	mother
user8928	like_food	chicken
user8928	employed_by_general	hotel
user8928	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user8928	like_activity	reading
user8928	like_animal	animals
user8929	like_watching	comedy
user8929	favorite_color	green
user8929	<blank>	<blank>
user8929	has_hobby	tennis
user8930	have	1 new house
user8930	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user8930	has_ability	brewing
user8930	other	gay
user8930	like_activity	making coffee
user8931	attend_school	high school
user8931	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user8931	has_hobby	ice hockey
user8931	favorite	math
user8931	gender	male
user8932	have_pet	1 dog
user8932	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user8932	want_job	journalist
user8932	have	6 shoe size women
user8933	like_activity	travel
user8933	like_activity	snorkeling
user8933	like_food	fruit
user8933	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user8933	like_general	apple products
user8934	job_status	retired
user8934	like_activity	walking
user8934	has_profession	teacher
user8934	want_do	travel
user8935	has_hobby	hiking
user8935	has_profession	accountant
user8935	favorite	bob ross
user8935	other	vegan
user8936	like_watching	sport
user8936	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user8936	has_hobby	singing
user8937	like_activity	rpg computer games
user8937	have	crush
user8937	own	inhaler
user8937	live_in_general	a home
user8938	want	pot bellied pig
user8938	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user8938	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user8939	own	1 bar
user8939	marital_status	married
user8939	misc_attribute	competitive
user8939	like_food	eggplant
user8939	like_activity	smoking
user8940	like_activity	shopping
user8940	other	mother
user8940	employed_by_company	monsanto
user8940	like_activity	swimming
user8940	like_read	fantasy
user8941	want_job	smithsonian
user8941	dislike	winter
user8941	misc_attribute	risky
user8941	favorite_show	csi
user8942	have_family	father
user8942	have_sibling	1 sister
user8942	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user8942	school_status	student
user8943	has_profession	chef
user8943	like_activity	baking
user8943	<blank>	<blank>
user8943	like_activity	traveling
user8944	favorite	theory henry
user8944	marital_status	married
user8944	attend_school	stanford
user8944	has_profession	athlete
user8945	like_watching	ufc fights
user8945	employed_by_general	factory
user8945	like_food	cheese
user8945	like_activity	travel
user8946	favorite_color	orange
user8946	have	3 roommate
user8946	other	lactose intolerant
user8946	like_food	gummy bears
user8947	misc_attribute	flashy
user8947	want_do	botox
user8947	attend_school	university
user8948	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user8948	like_watching	surgery
user8948	like_music	britney spears
user8948	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user8949	attend_school	university
user8949	has_profession	construction
user8949	has_hobby	traveling
user8950	have_sibling	brother
user8950	like_animal	dog
user8950	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user8950	have_pet	3 iguana
user8951	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user8951	has_profession	waitress
user8951	has_hobby	biking
user8951	like_activity	drawing
user8951	have_sibling	5 sibling
user8952	have_pet	cat
user8952	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user8952	like_activity	cooking
user8953	has_profession	receptionist
user8953	have_pet	2 dog
user8953	favorite_place	disney world
user8953	like_read	crime
user8953	like_general	brothers
user8954	attend_school	university
user8954	has_ability	fly airplane
user8954	like_general	tool
user8954	employed_by_general	army
user8954	like_activity	building computers
user8955	has_hobby	tap dancing
user8955	favorite_book	david copperfield
user8955	have_sibling	twin brother
user8955	physical_attribute	short
user8956	previous_profession	mechanic
user8956	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user8956	has_ability	can build computers
user8956	want	join military when younger
user8957	like_activity	gardening
user8957	favorite_drink	red wine
user8957	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user8957	have_chidren	1 child
user8958	other	allergic to bees
user8958	employed_by_general	hospital
user8958	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user8958	have_sibling	sibling
user8959	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user8959	dislike	people getting too close
user8959	dislike	questions
user8959	like_general	forest
user8960	favorite_music	country
user8960	like_food	snack
user8960	like_activity	traveling
user8961	misc_attribute	funny
user8961	have	sausage fingers
user8961	has_ability	draw
user8961	physical_attribute	am bloated
user8962	misc_attribute	wild
user8962	have_chidren	grandchildren
user8962	has_hobby	quilting
user8962	has_profession	pharmacist
user8963	has_hobby	writing
user8963	want_do	<blank>
user8963	favorite_color	black
user8963	<blank>	<blank>
user8963	like_activity	singing
user8964	physical_attribute	long hair
user8964	has_hobby	running
user8964	previous_profession	movie theater
user8964	like_food	spicy
user8964	want	a new camera
user8965	have	2 tattoos
user8965	have_pet	cat
user8965	employed_by_general	office
user8965	favorite_hobby	knitting
user8965	like_activity	shopping
user8966	favorite_food	sushi
user8966	like_general	helping others
user8967	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user8967	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user8967	live_in_general	near celebrities
user8967	has_age	19
user8968	employed_by_company	military
user8968	like_general	explosions
user8968	like_food	brownies
user8968	like_animal	cat
user8968	like_activity	traveling
user8969	has_ability	play instrument
user8969	like_food	cake
user8969	have_chidren	4 daughter
user8969	have_pet	2 dog
user8970	has_ability	play instrument
user8970	like_activity	go karting
user8970	has_hobby	fishing
user8970	own	george foreman grill
user8970	dislike	fast food
user8971	like_music	imagine dragons
user8971	has_hobby	kayaking
user8971	like_activity	running
user8971	like_activity	fly model airplane
user8972	want_do	save money
user8972	dislike	subtitles
user8972	has_ability	speak language
user8973	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user8973	job_status	employed
user8973	<blank>	<blank>
user8973	has_profession	musician
user8974	have_family	sibling
user8974	has_ability	play instrument
user8974	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8975	have_pet	dog
user8975	like_music	country
user8975	<blank>	<blank>
user8975	<blank>	<blank>
user8976	like_activity	horseback riding
user8976	favorite	rose
user8976	like_activity	baking
user8977	like_activity	cooking
user8977	gender	female
user8977	marital_status	single
user8977	have	laugh
user8978	like_food	take out
user8978	live_in_general	with parents
user8978	dislike	job
user8978	has_age	32
user8978	has_hobby	video games
user8979	like_activity	video games
user8979	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user8979	like_food	beef
user8979	other	<blank>
user8980	like_activity	walking
user8980	like_activity	reading
user8980	favorite_food	pizza
user8980	like_general	being myself
user8980	like_music	dream theater
user8981	want	ferret
user8981	other	allergies
user8981	have_family	mother
user8981	like_general	line drying clothing
user8982	employed_by_general	grocery store
user8982	has_ability	visiting
user8983	like_watching	youtube
user8983	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user8983	like_activity	sleeping
user8983	physical_attribute	brunette
user8983	has_profession	author
user8984	favorite_hobby	baseball
user8984	has_profession	truck driver
user8984	have_chidren	2 children
user8984	has_profession	driver
user8985	favorite_food	steak
user8985	misc_attribute	focused
user8985	like_music	opera
user8985	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user8985	live_in_general	condo
user8986	misc_attribute	artistic
user8986	attend_school	homeschool
user8986	has_ability	scream
user8986	like_animal	<blank>
user8987	physical_attribute	tall
user8987	like_activity	dance
user8987	like_sports	hockey
user8987	like_activity	running
user8987	physical_attribute	asthma
user8988	misc_attribute	shy
user8988	have	trouble connecting with family
user8988	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user8988	like_food	vegetables
user8989	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user8989	misc_attribute	shy
user8989	has_profession	salesman
user8989	has_hobby	cloud watching
user8990	other	veteran
user8990	like_read	enders game
user8990	place_origin	kentucky
user8990	has_hobby	gardening
user8990	like_read	<blank>
user8991	favorite_activity	fishing
user8991	favorite_activity	float the river
user8991	has_ability	running
user8992	<blank>	<blank>
user8992	has_hobby	cooking
user8992	live_in_general	alone
user8992	has_profession	scientist
user8992	has_ability	play instrument
user8993	have	1 rose tattoo
user8993	employed_by_general	<blank>
user8993	have	tattoos
user8993	school_status	student
user8994	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user8994	live_in_general	alone
user8994	dislike	formal situations
user8994	misc_attribute	stubborn
user8994	like_activity	hiking
user8995	place_origin	farm
user8995	has_profession	veterinarian
user8995	have_family	2 nephew
user8995	has_hobby	running
user8996	have_vehicle	ferrari
user8996	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user8996	own	mansion
user8996	has_ability	play instrument
user8996	has_profession	rapper
user8997	other	volunteer firefighter.
user8997	has_age	30
user8997	job_status	employed
user8997	physical_attribute	colorblind
user8998	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user8998	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user8998	like_music	britney spears
user8998	like_activity	traveling
user8998	like_watching	surgery
user8999	dislike	alcohol
user8999	employed_by_general	marketing
user8999	like_activity	video games
user8999	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user9000	physical_attribute	colorblind
user9000	other	volunteer firefighter.
user9000	has_degree	marketing
user9000	job_status	employed
user9000	has_age	30
user9001	like_activity	baking
user9001	like_general	internet
user9001	other	vegetarian
user9001	job_status	employed
user9001	favorite_music	country
user9002	misc_attribute	religious
user9002	favorite	donna karen clothes
user9002	has_hobby	singing
user9002	has_profession	teacher
user9003	other	parents are doctors
user9003	has_hobby	community theater
user9003	school_status	student
user9003	want_job	actor
user9004	want_do	video games
user9004	misc_attribute	optimistic
user9004	like_music	country
user9004	employed_by_company	scrubway
user9004	attend_school	university
user9005	like_food	meat
user9005	like_music	country
user9005	like_activity	hunting
user9006	like_general	purple
user9006	like_general	cher
user9006	have	no money
user9007	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9007	has_ability	play instrument
user9007	place_origin	chicago
user9007	have_sibling	2 brother
user9008	want_do	<blank>
user9008	other	vegetarian
user9008	live_in_general	pig farm
user9008	dislike	animals in general
user9008	have	allergies
user9009	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user9009	misc_attribute	forgetful
user9009	have_family	mother
user9009	favorite_food	spaghetti
user9009	have	boyfriend
user9010	like_animal	dog
user9010	has_profession	veterinarian
user9010	have_pet	2 dog
user9011	physical_attribute	buff
user9011	employed_by_general	warehouse
user9011	has_hobby	video games
user9011	marital_status	married
user9012	employed_by_company	<blank>
user9012	other	carnivore
user9012	misc_attribute	educated
user9013	have_vehicle	car
user9013	job_status	work all the time
user9013	job_status	employed
user9014	like_music	the rolling stones
user9014	have	1 job
user9014	dislike	caffeine
user9014	like_activity	guitar
user9015	favorite_food	italian
user9015	like_activity	model building
user9015	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user9015	like_watching	netflix
user9016	has_profession	salesman
user9016	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user9016	employed_by_general	gas station
user9016	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user9017	like_activity	programming
user9017	school_status	student
user9017	want_job	company owner
user9017	misc_attribute	night owl
user9018	have	boyfriend
user9018	has_hobby	jogging
user9018	has_profession	waiter
user9018	has_ability	donor
user9019	job_status	employed
user9019	job_status	employed
user9019	want_job	doctor
user9019	has_profession	waiter
user9020	employed_by_general	distributor
user9020	like_music	taylor swift
user9020	marital_status	married
user9021	like_watching	netflix
user9021	have_sibling	sister
user9021	want_do	learning
user9021	want_do	schooling
user9022	marital_status	single
user9022	has_hobby	cycling
user9023	has_age	19
user9023	favorite	mike trout
user9023	like_sports	baseball
user9023	has_hobby	baseball
user9024	favorite_place	seattle
user9024	employed_by_general	factory
user9024	want	bike
user9024	physical_attribute	broke nose
user9024	like_music	jazz
user9025	employed_by_company	amazon
user9025	other	conservative
user9025	live_in_general	rural
user9025	favorite_activity	robotics
user9025	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user9026	has_age	8
user9026	other	<blank>
user9026	like_read	comics
user9026	want_job	superhero
user9027	have	friends
user9027	have_sibling	8 children
user9027	has_profession	retailer
user9027	like_food	mcdonalds
user9028	like_activity	working out
user9028	like_activity	dating women
user9028	job_status	retired
user9028	like_activity	cooking
user9028	like_activity	going to bars
user9029	gender	male
user9029	has_profession	chef
user9029	place_origin	baton rouge
user9030	misc_attribute	angry
user9030	like_activity	rock climbing
user9030	other	mother 2 daughters
user9031	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user9031	physical_attribute	short
user9031	have_pet	dog
user9031	other	gene to detect asparagus
user9031	like_drink	coffee
user9032	misc_attribute	punctual
user9032	like_general	jokes
user9032	employed_by_general	factory
user9032	want_do	change the world
user9033	has_ability	play instrument
user9033	like_goto	comic con
user9033	has_profession	writer
user9033	other	am lesbian
user9034	misc_attribute	social
user9034	attend_school	high school
user9034	misc_attribute	healthy
user9034	member_of	other club
user9034	misc_attribute	smart
user9035	has_profession	zoologist
user9035	job_status	with wife
user9036	favorite_drink	orange juice
user9036	like_sports	water ski
user9036	has_age	10
user9036	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user9036	other	arnold
user9037	dislike	being controlled
user9037	misc_attribute	regretful
user9037	dislike	my reputation
user9037	misc_attribute	critic
user9038	like_sports	boston celtics
user9038	like_activity	walking
user9038	have_sibling	6 sister
user9038	like_food	chocolate
user9039	has_ability	unclear
user9039	has_hobby	singing
user9039	misc_attribute	shy
user9039	like_activity	singing
user9040	job_status	seeking employment
user9040	has_ability	drive
user9040	dislike	science
user9040	favorite_color	purple
user9041	has_age	15
user9041	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user9041	attend_school	high school
user9041	other	braces
user9042	has_profession	teacher
user9042	like_activity	fashion
user9042	like_activity	sewing
user9042	like_goto	thrift shops
user9042	like_general	recycling
user9043	has_ability	play instrument
user9043	like_general	furniture
user9043	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user9043	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user9043	own	cds
user9044	misc_attribute	shallow
user9044	like_activity	eavesdroping
user9044	own	money
user9045	dislike	jokes
user9045	like_general	simple jokes
user9045	like_general	simpler times
user9046	like_activity	recycling
user9046	have_vehicle	van
user9046	physical_attribute	red hair
user9046	other	hippie
user9046	have	2 tattoos
user9047	want_do	retire
user9047	have_chidren	children
user9047	have_family	wife
user9047	has_profession	baker
user9048	other	vegan
user9048	has_age	30
user9048	like_sports	cycling
user9048	has_profession	veterinarian
user9048	have_pet	3 dog
user9049	like_activity	video games
user9049	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user9049	like_activity	racing rc cars
user9049	have_pet	dog
user9049	like_food	fish
user9050	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user9050	has_hobby	painting
user9050	like_drink	coffee
user9050	want_job	curator
user9051	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user9051	misc_attribute	active
user9051	have_vehicle	junk
user9051	want_do	fix
user9052	like_music	country
user9052	like_animal	animals
user9052	like_read	<blank>
user9052	school_status	student
user9052	other	vegan
user9053	live_in_general	a cold location
user9053	other	viking
user9053	like_activity	fishing
user9054	previous_profession	veteran
user9054	favorite_sport	football
user9054	has_profession	truck driver
user9054	have_vehicle	camper
user9054	like_activity	working out
user9055	misc_attribute	slow
user9055	want	vacation
user9055	job_status	employed
user9055	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user9056	job_status	employed
user9056	dislike	cleaning
user9056	have_chidren	2 children
user9057	other	christian
user9057	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user9057	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9058	has_ability	visiting
user9058	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9059	like_drink	soda
user9059	favorite_show	scooby doo
user9059	employed_by_general	club
user9059	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9059	has_hobby	drawing
user9060	like_goto	pool
user9060	like_activity	shopping
user9060	job_status	employed
user9060	has_hobby	yoga
user9061	has_ability	driving
user9061	member_of	hobby club
user9061	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user9061	like_drink	apple martinis
user9061	own	suburban
user9062	like_food	lasagna
user9062	want_job	astronaut
user9062	have_vehicle	car
user9062	have_pet	2 dog
user9063	like_general	taking her to the park
user9063	has_age	25
user9063	have_chidren	daughter
user9063	live_in_general	apartment
user9064	has_ability	play instrument
user9064	want_job	director
user9064	has_hobby	band
user9065	have_sibling	3 sibling
user9065	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user9065	like_activity	drawing
user9065	like_general	blue
user9066	has_ability	meditate
user9066	has_profession	marketing
user9066	has_hobby	yoga
user9066	other	vegan
user9067	dislike	holidays
user9067	has_profession	police
user9067	marital_status	3 married
user9067	own	guns
user9067	have_vehicle	ford
user9068	has_hobby	bicycling
user9068	has_profession	manager
user9068	misc_attribute	competitive
user9068	other	name
user9068	like_goto	canada
user9069	has_profession	scientist
user9069	has_hobby	cooking
user9069	has_ability	play instrument
user9069	live_in_general	alone
user9070	like_activity	bowling
user9070	misc_attribute	family man
user9070	has_profession	pediatrician
user9070	marital_status	married
user9071	physical_attribute	beard
user9071	gender	male
user9071	like_sports	cycling
user9071	have_pet	dog
user9072	has_profession	builder
user9072	have_vehicle	prius
user9072	physical_attribute	freckles
user9072	like_read	romance
user9072	employed_by_general	army
user9073	own	5 pairs of same pants
user9073	dislike	waiting in line
user9073	have	photo
user9073	have_sibling	sister
user9074	other	vegan
user9074	like_read	<blank>
user9074	have	2 smartphones
user9074	has_profession	nurse
user9075	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user9075	like_animal	dog
user9075	like_activity	walking
user9075	like_watching	plays
user9076	dislike	waking up
user9076	have	therapist
user9077	favorite	auto
user9077	like_goto	paris
user9077	like_goto	opera
user9077	physical_attribute	6 tall
user9077	like_music	classical
user9078	live_in_general	apartment
user9078	like_general	taking her to the park
user9078	has_age	25
user9078	have_chidren	daughter
user9079	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user9079	like_watching	anime
user9079	other	gay
user9079	has_hobby	sketching
user9080	other	mother 2 daughters
user9080	like_general	people
user9080	misc_attribute	angry
user9080	like_activity	rock climbing
user9081	has_hobby	knitting
user9081	misc_attribute	happy
user9081	like_music	<blank>
user9081	like_activity	go to lake
user9081	like_activity	walking
user9082	like_food	fruit
user9082	like_general	apple products
user9082	like_activity	snorkeling
user9082	like_music	gary numan
user9082	like_animal	dragon
user9083	like_activity	shopping
user9083	like_activity	dancing
user9083	gender	female
user9083	have	never
user9084	other	has not gone home recently
user9084	has_profession	programmer
user9084	has_ability	3 speak language
user9084	has_hobby	traveling
user9085	like_activity	social media
user9085	like_activity	video games
user9085	employed_by_general	home
user9085	live_in_general	bed
user9086	has_ability	play instrument
user9086	has_profession	baseball player
user9086	like_read	history
user9086	favorite_color	green
user9087	marital_status	married
user9087	other	childhood
user9087	has_profession	nurse
user9087	like_activity	surfing
user9087	has_profession	baker
user9088	like_watching	south park
user9088	marital_status	engaged
user9088	job_status	employed
user9088	has_hobby	baseball
user9089	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user9089	school_status	did not graduate
user9090	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user9090	like_general	blue
user9090	favorite_show	fantasy
user9090	like_food	home-cooked meals
user9091	like_activity	shopping
user9091	school_status	graduated
user9091	like_animal	dog
user9091	other	vegetarian
user9092	misc_attribute	above average
user9092	has_degree	0 college
user9092	physical_attribute	eyes
user9092	like_food	meat
user9093	like_activity	watching sunsets
user9093	want_do	exercise
user9093	job_status	unemployed
user9093	has_profession	<blank>
user9093	like_watching	sun rise
user9094	attend_school	university
user9094	has_ability	sorting books
user9094	like_read	fantasy
user9094	want_job	journalist
user9095	have_pet	4 cat
user9095	job_status	employed
user9095	dislike	clowns
user9095	have_sibling	sister
user9095	other	vegetarian
user9096	other	am caucasian
user9096	like_activity	rollerblading
user9096	like_sports	hockey
user9096	want_do	eating
user9096	like_food	sugar
user9097	misc_attribute	lazy
user9097	has_hobby	skateboarding
user9097	misc_attribute	weird
user9097	have	2 hair
user9097	physical_attribute	<blank>
user9098	has_profession	pharmacist
user9098	have_chidren	grandchildren
user9098	like_music	classical
user9098	has_hobby	quilting
user9099	dislike	people getting too close
user9099	dislike	questions
user9099	like_general	forest
user9099	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user9099	want	food
user9100	has_hobby	painting
user9100	have	won lottery
user9100	has_hobby	painting
user9100	has_ability	lie
user9101	favorite_hobby	dancing
user9101	have_vehicle	lexus
user9101	have_pet	dog
user9101	attend_school	university
user9101	dislike	math
user9102	has_hobby	football
user9102	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user9102	like_read	fiction
user9102	favorite_book	science fiction
user9103	has_ability	swim
user9103	like_food	meat
user9103	like_general	anime
user9103	previous_profession	not stated
user9104	like_sports	basketball
user9104	favorite_drink	beer coors
user9104	have_vehicle	acura
user9104	has_profession	car sales
user9105	dislike	working out
user9105	has_ability	play instrument
user9105	have	blood sugar problems
user9105	have_vehicle	bicycle
user9105	have_pet	3 dog
user9106	like_sports	baseball
user9106	has_hobby	baseball
user9106	has_age	19
user9106	favorite	mike trout
user9106	has_hobby	baseball
user9107	like_music	<blank>
user9107	misc_attribute	happy
user9107	like_activity	walking
user9107	like_activity	go to lake
user9107	has_hobby	knitting
user9108	misc_attribute	insecure
user9108	other	<blank>
user9108	want	corvette
user9108	marital_status	married
user9109	like_activity	sleeping in
user9109	employed_by_general	laboratory
user9109	other	vegan
user9109	misc_attribute	romantic
user9110	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user9110	have_pet	3 dog
user9110	have_chidren	2 children
user9110	have_chidren	2 children
user9110	has_profession	physical therapist
user9111	has_profession	cashier
user9111	like_general	cold weather
user9111	like_food	non-gmo
user9111	like_general	clothes
user9111	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user9112	has_profession	police
user9112	like_activity	hunting
user9112	dislike	broccoli
user9112	<blank>	<blank>
user9113	dislike	hot weather
user9113	want_do	traveling
user9113	like_general	time with friends
user9113	dislike	country
user9114	has_hobby	watching television
user9114	favorite_food	hamburger
user9114	like_activity	fishing
user9114	live_in_general	alone
user9114	has_profession	mechanic
user9115	physical_attribute	asthma
user9115	like_activity	dance
user9115	physical_attribute	tall
user9115	like_activity	running
user9115	like_sports	hockey
user9116	like_goto	beach
user9116	has_hobby	boating
user9116	employed_by_general	hospital
user9116	has_profession	doctor
user9116	live_in_general	large home
user9117	like_music	death metal
user9117	live_in_general	a home
user9117	like_activity	watching television
user9117	attend_school	university
user9118	like_activity	crocheting
user9118	has_profession	coach
user9118	other	am allergic to apples
user9118	has_profession	teacher
user9119	like_watching	anime
user9119	has_ability	speak language
user9119	want_do	save money
user9119	dislike	subtitles
user9120	dislike	broccoli
user9120	has_profession	design video games
user9120	dislike	afraid of the dark
user9120	favorite_music	rock
user9121	has_hobby	yoga
user9121	marital_status	married
user9121	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user9121	has_hobby	volunteer
user9121	has_profession	teacher
user9122	has_hobby	reading
user9122	misc_attribute	artistic
user9122	like_activity	role play
user9122	like_read	comics
user9123	previous_profession	programmer
user9123	has_age	77
user9123	have	2 grandchildren
user9123	like_animal	animals
user9123	like_watching	british
user9124	like_food	home-cooked meals
user9124	like_general	blue
user9124	favorite_show	fantasy
user9125	want_job	actor
user9125	has_ability	speak language
user9125	has_ability	dance and sing
user9125	live_in_general	los angeles
user9126	has_ability	play instrument
user9126	have_vehicle	bicycle
user9126	dislike	working out
user9126	have_pet	3 dog
user9127	like_music	katy perry
user9127	like_activity	spreading happiness
user9127	misc_attribute	exciting
user9127	has_profession	lifeguard
user9128	has_profession	pharmacist
user9128	like_music	classical
user9128	has_hobby	quilting
user9128	misc_attribute	wild
user9128	have_chidren	grandchildren
user9129	have_chidren	5 children
user9129	school_status	student
user9129	like_animal	fish
user9129	employed_by_company	computer company
user9130	misc_attribute	complex
user9130	want_do	speak language
user9130	like_activity	learning
user9130	own	computer
user9130	like_watching	foreign
user9131	school_status	student
user9131	misc_attribute	distrustful
user9131	physical_attribute	athletic
user9131	want	responsible
user9132	like_goto	florida
user9132	other	mild ocd
user9132	dislike	social situations
user9132	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user9132	has_profession	freelance accountant
user9133	have	homes
user9133	like_general	cars
user9133	like_activity	riding
user9133	like_activity	horseback riding
user9133	other	eat less meat than usual
user9134	physical_attribute	strong
user9134	like_animal	cat
user9134	misc_attribute	athletic
user9134	school_status	student
user9135	misc_attribute	organized
user9135	misc_attribute	overeat
user9135	like_general	kids
user9135	has_profession	teacher
user9135	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user9136	physical_attribute	overweight
user9136	have_family	husband
user9136	like_animal	cat
user9136	has_profession	baker
user9136	has_hobby	video games
user9137	have_family	father
user9137	has_hobby	larping
user9137	has_ability	to move out
user9137	has_age	32
user9138	job_status	employed
user9138	like_watching	comedy
user9138	favorite_food	hamburgers
user9139	has_hobby	football
user9139	has_hobby	football
user9139	has_profession	athlete
user9139	like_sports	football
user9139	like_general	baltimore ravens
user9140	dislike	country
user9140	other	terrible speller
user9140	has_hobby	volunteering
user9140	has_hobby	dancing
user9140	physical_attribute	blonde
user9141	like_general	kids
user9141	misc_attribute	organized
user9141	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user9141	misc_attribute	overeat
user9141	has_profession	teacher
user9142	<blank>	<blank>
user9142	has_hobby	soap making
user9142	favorite_food	fruit
user9142	has_ability	composting
user9143	has_hobby	video games
user9143	employed_by_general	warehouse
user9143	marital_status	married
user9143	physical_attribute	buff
user9144	has_profession	athlete
user9144	attend_school	university of north carolina
user9144	has_profession	basketball player
user9144	has_profession	basketball player
user9144	has_hobby	basketball
user9145	other	am curious about space
user9145	dislike	family
user9145	like_music	classical
user9145	want	be an animal
user9146	have_chidren	5 children
user9146	like_activity	drawing
user9146	like_music	all genres
user9146	<blank>	<blank>
user9146	<blank>	<blank>
user9147	like_music	pink
user9147	like_drink	coffee
user9147	job_status	employed
user9147	want_job	aide
user9148	attend_school	graduate school
user9148	marital_status	divorced
user9148	other	hindu
user9148	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user9149	want_do	learning
user9149	want_do	<blank>
user9149	want_do	schooling
user9149	have_sibling	sister
user9149	like_watching	netflix
user9150	like_music	van halen
user9150	like_activity	traveling
user9150	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user9150	want_job	doctor
user9150	has_hobby	fashion
user9151	marital_status	married
user9151	attend_school	stanford
user9151	favorite	theory henry
user9151	has_profession	athlete
user9152	like_food	chocolate
user9152	have_sibling	6 sister
user9152	employed_by_general	a small
user9152	like_activity	walking
user9152	like_sports	boston celtics
user9153	employed_by_general	hotel
user9153	like_animal	animals
user9153	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user9153	like_food	chicken
user9154	have	girlfriend
user9154	other	veteran
user9154	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user9154	like_food	meat
user9155	want_do	vacation
user9155	has_profession	semi trucks
user9155	marital_status	married
user9156	like_general	winter
user9156	like_general	rain
user9156	have_vehicle	van
user9157	have_sibling	2 sister
user9157	has_hobby	tennis
user9157	has_profession	baker
user9158	have_family	3 ex wives
user9158	dislike	acting
user9158	have_vehicle	ferrari
user9159	has_age	4
user9159	like_activity	playing outside
user9159	have_family	mother
user9159	have_family	father
user9160	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user9160	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user9160	like_general	colors
user9160	has_profession	mortician
user9160	want_do	pilot
user9161	other	had cancer
user9161	like_music	classical
user9161	want	to become male model
user9161	other	dieting
user9162	physical_attribute	blonde
user9162	attend_school	university
user9162	want_do	painting
user9163	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user9163	has_profession	athlete
user9163	has_hobby	weight lifting
user9163	physical_attribute	buff
user9164	like_general	red
user9164	has_hobby	tennis
user9164	favorite_food	hamburger
user9164	has_profession	accountant
user9165	other	help with bookeeping
user9165	like_food	food with no animal product
user9165	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user9165	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9165	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user9166	have_sibling	sister
user9166	favorite	school subject
user9166	like_read	pride and prejudice
user9166	like_sports	soccer
user9166	have_pet	dog
user9167	have_sibling	2 brother
user9167	misc_attribute	romantic
user9167	employed_by_general	laboratory
user9167	like_activity	sleeping in
user9167	other	vegan
user9168	like_activity	cosplay
user9168	job_status	employed
user9168	favorite_show	game of thrones
user9168	like_activity	watching television
user9169	want_do	go to beach
user9169	like_animal	parrot
user9169	like_activity	climbing
user9169	other	disappointment
user9169	have_family	sibling
user9170	has_ability	running
user9170	have_chidren	child
user9170	has_hobby	snowboarding
user9170	dislike	running
user9171	has_profession	actor
user9171	has_profession	actor
user9171	has_hobby	filmmaking
user9171	previous_profession	actor
user9171	has_profession	actor
user9172	live_in_general	alone
user9172	has_hobby	cooking
user9172	<blank>	<blank>
user9172	has_ability	play instrument
user9173	have	condo
user9173	has_profession	salesman
user9173	like_activity	cycling
user9173	like_general	blue
user9173	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user9174	favorite_food	steak
user9174	like_food	meat
user9174	like_music	rap
user9174	has_profession	finance
user9174	own	black car
user9175	has_profession	truck driver
user9175	has_ability	driving
user9175	place_origin	virginia
user9176	live_in_general	rural area
user9176	favorite_food	pasta
user9176	like_activity	helping
user9176	has_age	older
user9176	job_status	retired
user9177	favorite_place	disney world
user9177	has_profession	receptionist
user9177	like_read	crime
user9177	have_pet	2 dog
user9177	like_general	brothers
user9178	like_food	meat
user9178	previous_profession	not stated
user9178	has_ability	swim
user9178	like_general	anime
user9179	misc_attribute	confused
user9179	dislike	rejection from parents
user9179	gender	different
user9179	other	sexual identity
user9180	like_watching	comedy
user9180	<blank>	<blank>
user9180	has_hobby	tennis
user9180	favorite_color	green
user9181	like_general	comics
user9181	like_activity	reading
user9181	have_pet	cat
user9181	job_status	employed
user9182	like_goto	wine tours
user9182	like_goto	museum
user9182	have_chidren	2 son
user9182	like_activity	painting
user9183	has_profession	cook
user9183	want_do	own a restaurant
user9183	has_hobby	running
user9183	job_status	seeking employment
user9183	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user9184	like_animal	<blank>
user9184	want_job	veterinarian
user9184	other	dieting
user9184	have_pet	3 pets
user9184	like_goto	gym
user9185	like_music	linkin park
user9185	school_status	graduated
user9185	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user9185	misc_attribute	quiet
user9186	have	tattoos
user9186	attend_school	dental
user9186	like_general	silver
user9186	employed_by_general	clinic
user9187	like_music	jazz
user9187	like_general	my family
user9187	have_pet	3 dog
user9188	have_pet	2 dog
user9188	other	mother
user9188	have_chidren	2 children
user9188	has_profession	teacher
user9189	own	black car
user9189	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user9189	like_general	wearing black clothing
user9189	own	black purse
user9189	like_music	rock
user9190	dislike	hot weather
user9190	dislike	country
user9190	want_do	traveling
user9190	like_general	time with friends
user9190	like_read	books
user9191	has_hobby	larping
user9191	has_ability	to move out
user9191	have_family	father
user9191	has_profession	general
user9191	has_age	32
user9192	like_goto	beach
user9192	other	am the best aunt
user9192	school_status	graduate student
user9192	has_hobby	cooking
user9192	have	obsession with dog
user9193	like_general	my image
user9193	want	mom was healthier
user9193	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user9193	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user9193	want	to go to another school
user9194	misc_attribute	frustrated
user9194	misc_attribute	people person
user9194	like_activity	rock climbing
user9194	other	mother 2 daughters
user9195	own	2 packs
user9195	like_music	lindsey stirling
user9195	like_drink	coffee
user9195	like_food	meatloaf
user9196	like_animal	fish
user9196	school_status	student
user9196	have_chidren	5 children
user9197	has_hobby	weight lifting
user9197	physical_attribute	buff
user9197	has_profession	athlete
user9197	has_hobby	working out
user9198	has_hobby	puzzles
user9198	has_profession	writer
user9198	has_profession	teacher
user9199	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9199	misc_attribute	night owl
user9199	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user9199	school_status	graduate student
user9200	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user9200	like_food	chicken
user9200	employed_by_general	hotel
user9200	like_animal	animals
user9201	place_origin	colorado
user9201	like_general	the weather
user9201	like_music	one direction
user9202	has_ability	play instrument
user9202	have_chidren	son
user9202	school_status	graduated
user9203	have_vehicle	boat
user9203	<blank>	<blank>
user9203	gender	70 male
user9203	have	5 grandchildren
user9203	like_activity	fishing
user9204	like_general	activism
user9204	like_watching	news
user9204	like_read	female authors
user9204	has_profession	legal assistant
user9204	like_activity	activist work
user9205	like_activity	swimming
user9205	own	rose garden
user9205	have_pet	cat
user9205	like_drink	coffee
user9206	like_food	pumpkins
user9206	have_pet	dog
user9206	favorite	third-party softtware
user9206	like_activity	watching videos
user9206	favorite_food	shrimp
user9207	like_general	apple products
user9207	like_food	fruit
user9207	like_activity	travel
user9207	like_activity	snorkeling
user9207	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user9208	misc_attribute	organized
user9208	like_general	mother
user9208	like_activity	watching television
user9208	attend_school	high school
user9208	like_activity	music
user9209	like_read	fantasy
user9209	like_animal	all
user9209	like_activity	hiking
user9209	like_general	natural world beauty
user9210	other	vegan
user9210	like_music	country
user9210	school_status	student
user9210	like_animal	animals
user9210	like_read	<blank>
user9211	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user9211	want_job	musician
user9211	has_profession	factory worker
user9211	job_status	employed
user9212	like_activity	eating
user9212	want	attractive
user9212	physical_attribute	attractive
user9212	physical_attribute	overweight
user9213	favorite_drink	chocolate
user9213	like_sports	swimming
user9213	physical_attribute	bald
user9213	dislike	0 taco
user9213	job_status	unemployed
user9214	misc_attribute	friendly
user9214	has_ability	bad lying
user9214	misc_attribute	crazy
user9214	dislike	death
user9215	like_general	sports cars
user9215	have	3 best friends
user9215	has_age	14
user9215	like_sports	swimming
user9216	has_ability	draw
user9216	misc_attribute	funny
user9216	have	sausage fingers
user9216	physical_attribute	full
user9217	school_status	student
user9217	like_drink	water with protein powder
user9217	own	bowie knife
user9217	like_watching	mma
user9217	has_hobby	weight lifting
user9218	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user9218	has_profession	cashier
user9218	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user9219	has_profession	pilot
user9219	dislike	spiders
user9219	have_pet	2 dog
user9219	other	parents in the military
user9220	has_profession	nurse
user9220	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user9220	own	1 house
user9220	has_ability	play instrument
user9221	marital_status	dating
user9221	favorite	daisy
user9221	has_age	23
user9221	employed_by_general	real estate
user9221	like_activity	singing
user9222	dislike	vegetables
user9222	like_activity	spending time with family
user9222	favorite_place	american eagle
user9222	has_hobby	running
user9222	favorite	chevy duramax
user9223	attend_school	high school
user9223	gender	male
user9223	favorite	math
user9223	has_hobby	ice hockey
user9224	like_activity	ballet
user9224	have	support of my whole family
user9224	want	retire
user9224	has_ability	1 dancing
user9225	have_sibling	sibling
user9225	misc_attribute	nerd
user9225	has_ability	math
user9225	like_general	computers
user9225	like_activity	0 thinking
user9226	has_hobby	knitting
user9226	has_profession	tutor
user9226	like_activity	going barefoot
user9226	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user9227	like_music	one direction
user9227	like_general	the weather
user9227	like_activity	skiing
user9227	place_origin	colorado
user9228	nationality	british
user9228	like_general	blue
user9228	have_pet	5 cat
user9229	like_activity	laughing
user9229	like_general	shoes
user9229	like_activity	baking
user9230	have	welfare
user9230	favorite_music_artist	creed
user9230	other	carnivore
user9230	like_sports	running
user9231	like_drink	coffee
user9231	have_pet	dog
user9231	other	bad genetics
user9231	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user9232	has_profession	0 clerk
user9232	place_origin	baltimore
user9232	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user9232	physical_attribute	thin
user9233	like_food	mcdonalds
user9233	like_watching	nascar
user9233	want	house on beach
user9233	like_music	pop
user9234	has_hobby	skiing
user9234	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user9234	like_activity	saving
user9234	employed_by_general	bar
user9235	like_food	ice cream
user9235	favorite_activity	float the river
user9235	has_ability	running
user9235	favorite_activity	fishing
user9236	like_read	fantasy
user9236	like_activity	shopping
user9236	like_activity	swimming
user9236	other	mother
user9236	employed_by_company	monsanto
user9237	like_music	rap
user9237	have_vehicle	car
user9237	favorite	california love
user9237	have_vehicle	car
user9237	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user9238	like_music	avert brother
user9238	has_hobby	traveling
user9238	attend_school	university
user9238	like_goto	broadway shows
user9239	other	<blank>
user9239	want_job	superhero
user9239	favorite	superman
user9239	like_read	comics
user9240	have	last name is spanish
user9240	misc_attribute	unsure
user9240	dislike	dad
user9240	like_general	cardigans
user9240	have_family	step dad
user9241	has_hobby	philosophy
user9241	like_music	concerts
user9241	other	vegan
user9241	have	tattoo
user9242	has_hobby	gymnastics
user9242	has_profession	scientist
user9242	like_music	the beatles
user9242	physical_attribute	tall
user9243	misc_attribute	savage
user9243	like_general	place
user9243	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user9243	has_ability	not technology
user9244	employed_by_company	army rangers
user9244	like_general	deployment
user9244	marital_status	married
user9244	misc_attribute	unafraid
user9244	want_job	army
user9245	like_sports	soccer
user9245	have_sibling	sister
user9245	like_read	pride and prejudice
user9245	have_pet	dog
user9245	favorite	school subject
user9246	dislike	meat
user9246	like_food	fruit
user9246	favorite_food	apple
user9246	like_food	apple
user9246	like_food	apple
user9247	has_hobby	sewing
user9247	have	garden
user9247	employed_by_company	grocery store
user9247	like_activity	baking
user9248	school_status	student
user9248	want_job	actor
user9248	like_general	love
user9248	has_hobby	community theater
user9248	other	parents are doctors
user9249	has_profession	accountant
user9249	other	vegan
user9249	has_hobby	hiking
user9250	have_pet	dog
user9250	<blank>	<blank>
user9250	has_ability	play instrument
user9250	<blank>	<blank>
user9250	like_music	country
user9251	marital_status	married
user9251	like_drink	soda
user9251	have_chidren	3 children
user9251	like_music	the rolling stones
user9251	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9252	misc_attribute	unstable
user9252	want	voice
user9252	physical_attribute	have back pain
user9252	misc_attribute	old soul
user9252	misc_attribute	passionate
user9253	other	vegetarian
user9253	like_animal	panda
user9253	want_do	open a business
user9253	like_sports	surfing
user9254	physical_attribute	buff
user9254	physical_attribute	tall
user9254	has_age	9
user9254	dislike	vegetables
user9254	like_activity	running
user9255	has_hobby	drawing
user9255	like_watching	scobby doo
user9255	like_drink	soda
user9255	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9256	has_hobby	jogging
user9256	like_food	nachos
user9256	employed_by_general	movie theater
user9256	dislike	popcorn
user9257	have_pet	cat
user9257	employed_by_general	cafe
user9257	like_general	books
user9258	have_pet	2 dog
user9258	like_activity	hunting
user9258	<blank>	<blank>
user9258	dislike	broccoli
user9259	job_status	employed
user9259	job_status	employed
user9259	want_job	doctor
user9259	has_profession	waiter
user9260	like_general	pink
user9260	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user9260	like_food	pasta
user9260	like_activity	swimming
user9260	like_general	being outside
user9261	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user9261	like_activity	hiking
user9261	has_profession	in marketing
user9261	own	pink hiking boots
user9262	has_profession	zoologist
user9262	job_status	with wife
user9263	like_drink	coke
user9263	like_food	bagels
user9263	like_activity	baking
user9263	like_animal	dog
user9263	like_activity	running
user9264	have_chidren	1 child
user9264	like_activity	gardening
user9264	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user9264	have_pet	2 dog
user9265	has_profession	president
user9265	other	rich
user9265	other	bankrupt
user9265	previous_profession	casino owner
user9266	marital_status	married
user9266	has_profession	athlete
user9266	favorite	theory henry
user9266	attend_school	stanford
user9267	has_age	20
user9267	has_hobby	1 reading
user9267	school_status	student
user9267	employed_by_general	hospital
user9268	employed_by_general	navy
user9268	like_music	folk
user9268	has_hobby	whittling
user9268	other	orphan
user9269	like_activity	game halo
user9269	favorite_color	yellow
user9269	employed_by_general	magazine
user9269	like_activity	working out
user9269	like_read	<blank>
user9270	live_in_general	mountains
user9270	has_profession	lawyer
user9270	has_hobby	photography
user9270	own	0 television
user9270	has_ability	pilot
user9271	<blank>	<blank>
user9271	has_hobby	photography
user9271	like_activity	traveling
user9271	like_activity	baking
user9272	has_ability	play instrument
user9272	employed_by_general	deli
user9272	like_animal	fish
user9272	school_status	dropped out
user9273	have	a girlfriend
user9273	other	am lesbian
user9273	like_activity	cooking
user9273	like_activity	singing
user9274	have_chidren	1 son
user9274	have	bakery
user9274	misc_attribute	funny
user9275	employed_by_general	magazine
user9275	like_activity	working out
user9275	like_activity	game halo
user9275	favorite_color	yellow
user9276	has_profession	teacher
user9276	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user9276	misc_attribute	organized
user9276	like_general	kids
user9277	have_family	mother
user9277	job_status	unemployed
user9277	favorite_season	summer
user9277	have_pet	cat
user9278	has_profession	teacher
user9278	like_goto	nature
user9278	favorite_food	salad
user9279	like_activity	collecting rocks
user9279	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user9279	like_food	beans
user9279	like_activity	working out
user9279	like_general	huge paintings.
user9280	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user9280	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user9280	like_read	twilight
user9280	has_hobby	surfing
user9281	has_hobby	knitting
user9281	has_profession	tutor
user9281	like_activity	going barefoot
user9282	have_family	only child
user9282	other	nancy
user9282	like_general	barbie
user9282	favorite_music	barbie girl
user9282	gender	female
user9283	have_chidren	2 children
user9283	have	vacation home
user9283	have_vehicle	suv
user9283	has_degree	law
user9283	have_pet	3 dog
user9284	like_drink	32 beer
user9284	like_goto	casino
user9284	like_activity	traveling
user9284	employed_by_general	brewery
user9285	has_hobby	cooking
user9285	employed_by_general	restaurant
user9285	have_pet	1 dog
user9286	like_activity	<blank>
user9286	want_do	home
user9286	has_ability	play instrument
user9286	has_profession	musician
user9287	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user9287	have	3 roomates
user9287	have_sibling	sister
user9287	have	eyebrow piercing
user9287	other	parents are teachers
user9288	marital_status	married
user9288	have_chidren	4 children
user9288	like_food	ice cream
user9288	have_chidren	children
user9288	has_age	50
user9289	like_food	mcdonalds
user9289	like_watching	nascar
user9289	want	house on beach
user9290	have	braces
user9290	misc_attribute	talkative
user9290	has_hobby	drawing
user9290	want_do	dieting
user9291	like_sports	hockey
user9291	like_food	sugar
user9291	like_activity	rollerblading
user9291	want_do	eating
user9292	has_profession	travel agent
user9292	like_activity	traveling
user9292	favorite_place	jamaica
user9292	own	a business
user9292	like_activity	working out
user9293	have_family	no sibling
user9293	physical_attribute	well put together
user9293	has_hobby	working out
user9293	want	spouse
user9294	have	10 piercings
user9294	like_activity	driving
user9294	misc_attribute	friendly
user9294	favorite_food	italian
user9295	favorite	halo 3
user9295	<blank>	<blank>
user9295	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user9295	like_activity	singing
user9295	have_vehicle	moped
user9296	dislike	kissing
user9296	misc_attribute	organized
user9296	like_activity	gossiping
user9296	like_watching	talk show
user9296	misc_attribute	above average
user9297	have_chidren	3 children
user9297	has_hobby	martial arts
user9297	has_hobby	art
user9297	want	go to mars
user9298	like_general	impala
user9298	favorite_season	summer
user9298	like_activity	fishing
user9298	like_music	classic
user9299	like_food	organic
user9299	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user9299	like_read	comics
user9299	has_hobby	collect autographs
user9300	other	name is mary
user9300	has_profession	receptionist
user9300	has_profession	receptionist
user9300	school_status	student
user9300	school_status	student
user9301	misc_attribute	incomplete
user9301	have_chidren	2 son
user9301	have	a house
user9301	has_profession	artist
user9301	have_family	parents
user9302	physical_attribute	brunette
user9302	have_chidren	2 children
user9302	dislike	cleaning
user9302	job_status	employed
user9303	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9303	has_profession	writer
user9303	like_goto	museum
user9303	have_family	10 niece
user9304	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9304	have_vehicle	car
user9304	has_ability	0 run very fast
user9304	physical_attribute	skinny
user9305	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user9305	favorite_book	science fiction
user9305	has_hobby	football
user9305	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user9306	has_hobby	dancing
user9306	have_family	only child
user9306	attend_school	high school
user9306	attend_school	university
user9307	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user9307	school_status	did not graduate
user9308	other	allergies
user9308	has_ability	play instrument
user9308	like_watching	horror
user9308	physical_attribute	short hair
user9309	have_pet	3 dog
user9309	have	personal trainer
user9309	like_general	religion
user9309	like_sports	bicycling
user9309	teach	kids
user9310	marital_status	divorced
user9310	has_profession	bowler
user9310	have_family	grandmother
user9310	have_chidren	2 children
user9310	job_status	employed
user9311	has_profession	nurse
user9311	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user9311	like_read	<blank>
user9311	other	vegan
user9311	have	2 smartphones
user9312	like_sports	baseball
user9312	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user9312	like_sports	sports
user9312	employed_by_general	government
user9313	like_food	meatloaf
user9313	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user9313	like_music	lindsey stirling
user9313	own	2 packs
user9314	has_ability	throwing parties
user9314	favorite_animal	monkey
user9314	like_general	strangers
user9314	want_do	<blank>
user9315	like_activity	napping
user9315	like_watching	sport
user9315	has_hobby	singing
user9315	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user9316	school_status	graduated
user9316	have_family	mother
user9316	have_family	grandmother
user9317	has_age	10
user9317	like_read	harry potter
user9317	has_profession	safety patrol
user9318	live_in_general	far from home
user9318	has_ability	computer repair
user9318	physical_attribute	red hair
user9318	like_food	meat
user9319	marital_status	married
user9319	misc_attribute	1 religious
user9319	has_hobby	traveling
user9319	favorite_book	the bible
user9319	gender	male
user9320	attend_school	graduate school
user9320	have_family	niece
user9320	have	obsession with dog
user9320	has_hobby	cooking
user9320	like_goto	beach
user9321	have	6 toes
user9321	have	glasses
user9321	dislike	skiing
user9321	like_read	twilight
user9321	attend_school	elementary
user9322	like_watching	anime
user9322	has_ability	speak language
user9322	dislike	subtitles
user9322	want_do	save money
user9323	school_status	student
user9323	want_do	raise hell
user9323	misc_attribute	sheltered
user9323	has_age	17
user9323	school_status	student
user9324	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user9324	marital_status	married
user9324	has_degree	masters
user9325	like_activity	traveling
user9325	like_activity	art projects
user9325	gender	female
user9325	marital_status	married
user9326	has_profession	scientist
user9326	physical_attribute	tall
user9326	has_hobby	gymnastics
user9327	<blank>	travel
user9328	like_goto	thrift shops
user9328	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user9328	has_profession	teacher
user9328	like_activity	sewing
user9329	dislike	jokes
user9329	like_general	simpler times
user9329	like_general	simple jokes
user9329	like_watching	the flintstones
user9330	attend_school	law school
user9330	has_ability	baking
user9330	other	birth date
user9331	like_activity	swimming
user9331	like_general	being outside
user9331	like_food	pasta
user9331	like_general	pink
user9332	has_profession	rapper
user9332	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user9332	has_ability	play instrument
user9332	own	mansion
user9332	have_vehicle	ferrari
user9333	have	brown hair
user9333	favorite	christmas
user9333	employed_by_general	a local party store
user9333	other	adopted
user9333	have	birth mother
user9334	have_chidren	2 children
user9334	has_hobby	baseball
user9334	has_profession	doctor
user9335	want	porsche
user9335	like_watching	stars
user9335	misc_attribute	often late
user9335	has_hobby	pet
user9336	favorite_color	purple
user9336	has_hobby	listens
user9336	not_have	child
user9336	live_in_general	park
user9337	like_activity	working out
user9337	other	name is kevin
user9337	has_ability	play instrument
user9337	school_status	student
user9337	want_job	software engineer
user9338	like_music	<blank>
user9338	like_activity	go to lake
user9338	has_hobby	knitting
user9338	misc_attribute	happy
user9338	like_activity	walking
user9339	misc_attribute	educated
user9339	other	carnivore
user9339	have_pet	dog
user9340	favorite	auto
user9340	like_goto	opera
user9340	like_music	classical
user9340	physical_attribute	6 tall
user9340	like_goto	paris
user9341	like_activity	dance
user9341	other	vegetarian
user9341	misc_attribute	witty
user9341	like_animal	sharks
user9342	misc_attribute	active
user9342	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user9342	have_vehicle	junk
user9342	like_general	vinyl records
user9343	like_food	meat
user9343	has_profession	car salesman
user9343	like_activity	painting
user9344	has_ability	read
user9344	school_status	dropped out
user9344	has_ability	read foreign language
user9344	like_activity	reading
user9344	like_activity	reading
user9345	like_goto	outdoors
user9345	has_hobby	biking
user9345	favorite	pancakes
user9345	has_hobby	hiking
user9345	marital_status	in a relationship
user9346	like_sports	football
user9346	has_hobby	football
user9346	has_profession	athlete
user9346	has_hobby	football
user9347	have	problems
user9347	physical_attribute	short
user9347	physical_attribute	glasses
user9347	like_animal	animals
user9347	like_food	takeout
user9348	dislike	family
user9348	dislike	regular life
user9348	want	be an animal
user9348	like_music	classical
user9349	like_general	people
user9349	like_activity	praying
user9349	like_general	building apps
user9350	has_profession	farmer
user9350	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user9350	favorite_music	rock
user9350	have_pet	2 dog
user9351	favorite_place	disney world
user9351	have_pet	2 dog
user9351	like_read	crime
user9351	like_general	brothers
user9351	has_profession	receptionist
user9352	have_pet	reptile
user9352	want_do	skydiving
user9352	other	character
user9352	job_status	internship
user9353	like_activity	video games
user9353	other	vegetarian
user9353	school_status	will study computer science
user9353	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user9354	live_in_general	rural area
user9354	gender	female
user9354	have_chidren	children
user9355	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user9355	has_profession	cashier
user9355	has_age	25
user9356	place_origin	mexico
user9356	teach	<blank>
user9356	like_activity	walking
user9356	have_pet	2 cat
user9356	like_activity	baking
user9357	place_origin	austin
user9357	like_activity	cooking
user9357	want_do	photography
user9357	like_general	social media
user9357	misc_attribute	upset
user9358	attend_school	university
user9358	like_general	spend time with family
user9358	has_degree	business
user9358	like_sports	playing
user9359	have_family	father
user9359	have_family	mother
user9359	have	princess bed
user9359	like_activity	playing outside
user9360	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user9360	like_activity	fishing
user9360	like_music	classic
user9360	favorite_season	summer
user9361	other	am caucasian
user9361	like_activity	rollerblading
user9361	like_food	sugar
user9361	want_do	eating
user9362	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user9362	like_read	twilight
user9362	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user9362	like_food	insect
user9362	has_hobby	surfing
user9363	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user9363	has_profession	accountant
user9363	have_vehicle	car
user9363	like_sports	running
user9364	marital_status	engaged
user9364	other	profession
user9364	like_food	1 sugar
user9364	have_vehicle	mercedes
user9365	have_chidren	3 children
user9365	has_degree	statistics
user9365	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user9365	want_job	casino manager
user9365	has_ability	card countin
user9366	favorite_color	purple
user9366	place_origin	church
user9366	have_chidren	child
user9367	like_activity	driving
user9367	like_read	<blank>
user9367	physical_attribute	tall
user9367	have	survived
user9368	has_ability	website design
user9368	want	find easy ways to make money
user9368	like_read	news
user9368	like_general	technology
user9369	own	computer
user9369	like_activity	learning
user9369	want_do	speak language
user9369	like_watching	foreign
user9369	misc_attribute	bored
user9370	has_age	25
user9370	have_chidren	daughter
user9370	live_in_general	apartment
user9370	like_general	taking her to the park
user9371	other	<blank>
user9371	other	has not left country
user9371	job_status	employed
user9371	has_hobby	hiking
user9372	like_music	rap
user9372	like_activity	fishing
user9372	marital_status	single
user9372	have_family	mother
user9373	favorite_show	friends
user9373	have	timeshare
user9373	favorite_food	sushi
user9373	has_profession	<blank>
user9374	like_drink	iced tea
user9374	want_job	author
user9374	like_goto	museum
user9374	has_hobby	writing
user9374	employed_by_general	bookstore
user9375	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user9375	other	catholic
user9375	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user9375	job_status	employed
user9375	other	vegetarian
user9376	live_in_general	mountains
user9376	has_ability	pilot
user9376	own	0 television
user9376	has_hobby	photography
user9376	has_profession	lawyer
user9377	like_general	littlest things
user9377	dislike	riding the bus
user9377	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user9377	job_status	employed
user9378	want_do	travel
user9378	teach	arts
user9378	has_ability	playing pool
user9378	like_animal	unicorns
user9378	want_do	<blank>
user9379	job_status	employed
user9379	like_goto	movie theater
user9379	like_general	<blank>
user9379	like_activity	walking
user9380	has_age	35
user9380	teach	japanese and drawing
user9380	misc_attribute	accent
user9380	has_profession	teacher
user9381	like_watching	anime
user9381	misc_attribute	artistic
user9381	has_hobby	reading
user9381	like_activity	role play
user9382	like_activity	tennis
user9382	has_profession	lifeguard
user9382	like_music	chainsmokers
user9382	like_activity	travel
user9383	dislike	school life
user9383	want_do	move out
user9383	have	friend
user9383	other	am worried about money
user9384	dislike	snake
user9384	like_general	red
user9384	like_activity	hiking
user9385	has_degree	bachelors
user9385	has_profession	teacher
user9385	have_pet	dog
user9385	like_music	pretenders
user9386	like_sports	sports
user9386	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user9386	like_sports	baseball
user9387	want_job	musician
user9387	school_status	student
user9388	like_activity	cooking
user9388	want	someone
user9388	have_pet	3 dog
user9388	like_activity	fishing
user9389	like_food	spaghetti
user9389	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user9389	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user9389	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user9390	has_profession	writer
user9390	own	home
user9390	like_activity	hunting
user9390	like_food	barbecue
user9391	has_ability	play instrument
user9391	like_activity	cooking
user9391	like_music	rap
user9391	like_goto	restaurant
user9391	like_music	drake
user9392	has_profession	musician
user9392	<blank>	<blank>
user9392	job_status	employed
user9392	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user9393	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user9393	has_hobby	horseback riding
user9393	have_chidren	children
user9393	has_hobby	camping
user9393	have_chidren	mother
user9394	like_general	saving money
user9394	has_hobby	couponing
user9394	want_job	artist
user9394	like_activity	shopping
user9395	has_ability	play instrument
user9395	dislike	singing
user9395	like_food	chocolate
user9395	place_origin	georgia
user9395	want_do	have kids
user9396	have_pet	3 cat
user9396	like_food	candy
user9396	misc_attribute	funny
user9396	has_profession	package delivery
user9396	have_vehicle	honda
user9397	place_origin	england
user9397	like_goto	comedy clubs
user9397	have_family	0 mother
user9397	like_activity	camping
user9398	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9398	favorite_drink	coffee
user9398	physical_attribute	skinny
user9398	have_vehicle	car
user9399	have_pet	dog
user9399	like_food	pumpkins
user9399	favorite	third-party softtware
user9399	favorite_food	shrimp
user9400	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user9400	like_food	organic
user9400	has_hobby	collect autographs
user9400	like_read	comics
user9400	own	2 snakes
user9401	has_ability	feeling lost
user9401	other	friends.
user9401	marital_status	married
user9401	have_chidren	2 son
user9401	has_hobby	basketball
user9402	have	2 tattoos
user9402	like_activity	recycling
user9402	have_vehicle	van
user9402	other	hippie
user9403	favorite_activity	pray
user9403	have	condition
user9403	has_ability	left sock first.
user9403	dislike	spider
user9404	gender	female
user9404	physical_attribute	short
user9404	have_chidren	2 children
user9404	have	wheel chair
user9404	dislike	tomato
user9405	teach	english literature
user9405	have_chidren	2 daughter
user9405	have_family	0 husband
user9405	like_activity	story telling
user9406	like_drink	iced tea
user9406	teach	first grade
user9406	marital_status	married
user9406	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user9406	has_hobby	shopping
user9407	live_in_general	park
user9407	favorite_color	purple
user9407	not_have	child
user9407	not_have	car
user9408	attend_school	preschool
user9408	like_activity	outdoors
user9408	favorite_animal	zebra
user9408	gender	female
user9408	like_activity	dance
user9409	have_pet	2 dog
user9409	have_pet	2 dog
user9409	has_profession	veterinarian
user9409	like_animal	dog
user9410	has_ability	play instrument
user9410	physical_attribute	short hair
user9410	like_watching	horror
user9410	other	allergies
user9410	member_of	community center
user9411	like_activity	laughing
user9411	like_general	shoes
user9411	like_activity	baking
user9412	like_activity	reading
user9412	school_status	dropped out
user9412	like_activity	reading
user9412	has_ability	read foreign language
user9412	has_ability	read
user9413	job_status	employed
user9413	physical_attribute	brunette
user9413	dislike	cleaning
user9413	have_chidren	2 children
user9414	school_status	student
user9414	like_activity	programming
user9414	want_job	company owner
user9414	misc_attribute	night owl
user9415	physical_attribute	<blank>
user9415	misc_attribute	weird
user9415	have	2 hair
user9415	has_hobby	skateboarding
user9416	want_do	retire to florida
user9416	has_hobby	musician
user9416	own	music store
user9417	want	child
user9417	misc_attribute	bipolar
user9417	has_profession	nurse
user9417	other	mother
user9417	like_food	hummus
user9418	like_general	blame
user9418	like_general	smelling my own farts
user9418	place_origin	san francisco
user9418	misc_attribute	generous
user9418	physical_attribute	fat
user9419	has_age	43
user9419	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user9419	has_profession	truck driver
user9419	has_hobby	traveling
user9420	dislike	boss
user9420	like_music	bob marley
user9420	misc_attribute	lose control
user9421	like_goto	india
user9421	want_job	explorer
user9421	dislike	job
user9421	has_profession	athlete
user9422	like_music	classical
user9422	dislike	regular life
user9422	want	be an animal
user9422	other	am curious about space
user9423	job_status	employed
user9423	physical_attribute	colorblind
user9423	has_degree	marketing
user9423	other	volunteer firefighter.
user9424	have_family	only child
user9424	like_general	red
user9424	school_status	student
user9424	have_pet	dog
user9425	have_chidren	<blank>
user9425	like_sports	basketball
user9425	job_status	employed
user9425	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user9426	gender	female
user9426	have_chidren	children
user9426	live_in_general	rural area
user9427	have	photo
user9427	have_sibling	sister
user9427	own	5 pairs of same pants
user9427	like_music	justin bieber
user9427	dislike	waiting in line
user9428	like_food	ice cream
user9428	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user9428	attend_school	online
user9428	marital_status	engaged
user9429	like_activity	drinking
user9429	have	tattoos
user9429	like_animal	dog
user9429	has_profession	photographer
user9429	have_pet	dog
user9430	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user9430	school_status	graduated
user9430	has_degree	american literature and education
user9430	has_hobby	hiking
user9431	has_ability	not technology
user9431	like_general	place
user9431	misc_attribute	depressed
user9431	misc_attribute	savage
user9432	like_watching	ufc fights
user9432	like_food	cheese
user9432	employed_by_general	factory
user9432	like_activity	travel
user9433	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user9433	want	to take over the world
user9433	have	nickname
user9433	like_activity	singing
user9434	favorite_music	kpop
user9434	like_food	junk food
user9434	like_activity	video games
user9434	employed_by_general	hotel
user9434	has_hobby	writing
user9435	own	trophies
user9435	other	can sim very quickly
user9435	favorite_activity	cooking
user9435	like_activity	running
user9436	has_ability	film making
user9436	has_hobby	travel
user9436	has_ability	6 tv news
user9437	favorite_food	sushi
user9437	has_degree	nursing
user9437	like_general	helping others
user9438	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user9438	employed_by_general	flower shop
user9438	like_animal	cat
user9438	has_hobby	reading
user9439	dislike	wearing pants
user9439	like_movie	john grisham
user9440	has_hobby	traveling
user9440	has_profession	programmer
user9440	other	traveling to japan
user9440	has_ability	3 speak language
user9440	have	home
user9441	like_sports	tennis
user9441	like_animal	animals
user9441	favorite_color	green
user9441	want_job	singer
user9442	has_age	30
user9442	physical_attribute	colorblind
user9442	has_degree	marketing
user9442	other	volunteer firefighter.
user9443	marital_status	divorced
user9443	have_chidren	2 children
user9443	job_status	employed
user9443	have_family	grandmother
user9444	school_status	student
user9444	employed_by_general	library
user9444	live_in_general	home
user9444	have	2 science classes
user9444	other	commutes
user9445	dislike	fish
user9445	have_pet	23 cat
user9445	has_hobby	traveling
user9445	like_activity	painting
user9446	misc_attribute	quick
user9446	have_sibling	brother
user9446	own	car
user9446	like_general	food trucks
user9447	like_general	color: pink
user9447	marital_status	married
user9448	like_activity	swimming
user9448	like_activity	cooking
user9448	favorite_color	green
user9449	have_pet	3 dog
user9449	dislike	working out
user9449	has_ability	play instrument
user9449	have_vehicle	bicycle
user9449	have	blood sugar problems
user9450	like_general	audiobookms
user9450	have_family	mother
user9450	live_in_general	away from parents
user9450	like_general	cartoons
user9451	like_activity	baking
user9451	like_animal	dog
user9451	like_food	bagels
user9451	like_drink	coke
user9451	like_activity	running
user9452	like_activity	hiking
user9452	like_music	marduk
user9452	dislike	losing things
user9452	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user9453	like_watching	television
user9453	has_hobby	hunting
user9453	physical_attribute	thin
user9453	like_general	tigers baseball team
user9454	like_activity	praying
user9454	like_general	building apps
user9454	like_activity	working out
user9455	has_profession	9 to 5
user9455	want_job	baker
user9455	like_activity	cooking
user9455	has_hobby	volunteer
user9456	marital_status	married
user9456	gender	female
user9456	own	agency
user9456	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user9457	attend_school	high school
user9457	like_activity	music
user9457	like_general	mother
user9457	misc_attribute	organized
user9458	like_music	one direction
user9458	like_activity	hiking
user9458	place_origin	colorado
user9458	like_general	the weather
user9458	like_activity	skiing
user9459	like_general	blue
user9459	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user9459	like_food	home-cooked meals
user9459	favorite_show	fantasy
user9460	job_status	employed
user9460	like_watching	comedy
user9460	has_profession	ballerina
user9460	favorite_food	hamburgers
user9461	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user9461	have_chidren	12 kids
user9461	physical_attribute	blonde
user9461	physical_attribute	overweight
user9462	other	arnold
user9462	favorite_drink	orange juice
user9462	like_sports	water ski
user9462	has_age	10
user9463	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user9463	previous_profession	mechanic
user9463	has_ability	can build computers
user9463	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user9463	want	join military when younger
user9464	like_activity	driving
user9464	have	3 tattoos
user9464	other	did not know my dad
user9464	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user9465	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user9465	job_status	employed
user9465	like_sports	basketball
user9465	place_origin	texas
user9465	have_chidren	<blank>
user9466	have	eyebrow piercing
user9466	other	parents are teachers
user9466	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user9466	have_sibling	sister
user9466	have	3 roomates
user9467	like_general	fashion
user9467	attend_school	university
user9467	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9467	like_general	fashion designers
user9467	like_activity	shopping
user9468	has_hobby	drinking
user9468	like_drink	alcohol
user9468	misc_attribute	responsible
user9469	like_drink	mountain dew
user9469	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user9469	favorite_hobby	chess
user9469	has_hobby	fencing
user9470	other	vegan
user9470	like_watching	game of thrones
user9470	like_sports	soccer
user9470	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user9471	live_in_general	city
user9471	employed_by_general	bookstore
user9471	have	girlfriend
user9472	other	vegan
user9472	have_chidren	1 son
user9472	has_hobby	walking
user9472	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user9472	like_animal	animals
user9473	has_hobby	tennis
user9473	has_profession	accountant
user9473	favorite	hamilton
user9473	like_general	red
user9473	favorite_food	hamburger
user9474	misc_attribute	distant
user9474	want	food
user9474	misc_attribute	reserved
user9474	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user9474	like_general	forest
user9475	like_activity	painting
user9475	other	vegan
user9475	has_hobby	traveling
user9475	have_pet	23 cat
user9475	dislike	fish
user9476	dislike	losing
user9476	like_activity	fishing
user9476	favorite_season	spring
user9476	have	boots
user9477	like_food	eggplant
user9477	marital_status	married
user9477	like_activity	smoking
user9477	own	1 bar
user9477	misc_attribute	competitive
user9478	other	allergic to cats
user9478	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user9478	like_activity	manicures
user9478	have_chidren	son
user9479	live_in_general	rural area
user9479	have_chidren	children
user9479	gender	female
user9480	like_food	spicy
user9480	like_sports	swimming
user9480	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user9480	have_family	only child
user9481	other	vegan
user9481	like_activity	painting
user9481	dislike	fish
user9481	has_hobby	traveling
user9481	have_pet	23 cat
user9482	has_profession	teacher
user9482	has_hobby	puzzles
user9482	like_music	country
user9483	other	italian american
user9483	has_hobby	painting
user9483	like_general	blue
user9483	dislike	cleaning
user9483	has_profession	finance
user9484	has_hobby	reading
user9484	has_profession	librarian
user9484	favorite_drink	pepsi
user9484	like_food	hot dog
user9484	has_hobby	bird watching
user9485	has_ability	bird calls
user9485	has_hobby	volunteering
user9485	like_activity	sewing
user9485	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user9486	favorite_drink	coffee
user9486	have_vehicle	car
user9486	has_ability	0 run very fast
user9486	physical_attribute	skinny
user9486	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9487	favorite	nike cleats
user9487	has_hobby	soccer
user9487	other	42 number is
user9487	misc_attribute	team player
user9487	has_hobby	goalie
user9488	have_sibling	1 sister
user9488	like_animal	dog
user9488	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user9488	place_origin	san francisco
user9489	has_ability	play instrument
user9489	has_profession	rapper
user9489	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user9489	have_vehicle	ferrari
user9489	own	mansion
user9490	has_ability	left sock first.
user9490	have	condition
user9490	dislike	spider
user9490	favorite_activity	pray
user9491	place_origin	farm
user9491	other	carnivore
user9491	like_activity	with friends
user9491	has_age	18
user9492	job_status	unemployed
user9492	dislike	0 taco
user9492	like_sports	swimming
user9492	favorite_drink	chocolate
user9492	physical_attribute	bald
user9493	physical_attribute	short
user9493	have_family	8 brother
user9493	other	beard
user9494	have	girlfriend
user9494	physical_attribute	pink hair
user9494	employed_by_general	bookstore
user9494	live_in_general	city
user9495	has_hobby	tennis
user9495	like_watching	comedy
user9495	<blank>	<blank>
user9495	favorite_color	green
user9496	dislike	acting
user9496	have_family	3 ex wives
user9496	dislike	kids
user9497	favorite_drink	red wine
user9497	like_activity	gardening
user9497	have_chidren	1 child
user9497	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user9498	like_food	fast
user9498	like_general	weather
user9498	has_profession	national guard officer
user9498	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user9499	has_profession	poet
user9499	has_hobby	donating clothes
user9499	member_of	hobby club
user9500	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user9500	has_ability	digital art
user9500	favorite_book	stephen king
user9501	misc_attribute	healthy
user9501	favorite_food	pizza
user9501	like_food	italian cuisine
user9501	other	east asian
user9501	other	tom
user9502	like_animal	panda
user9502	other	vegetarian
user9502	want_do	open a business
user9502	like_sports	surfing
user9503	like_animal	animals
user9503	like_read	history
user9503	employed_by_general	theater
user9503	marital_status	engaged
user9504	has_profession	businessman
user9504	has_hobby	martial arts
user9504	have_chidren	2 children
user9505	favorite_food	steak
user9505	like_music	rock
user9505	has_ability	not swim
user9505	own	chevy tahoe
user9506	like_activity	travel alone
user9506	dislike	sleeping
user9506	have	0 parents
user9506	misc_attribute	smart
user9506	favorite_food	steak
user9507	like_goto	thrift shops
user9507	like_general	recycling
user9507	like_activity	sewing
user9507	like_activity	fashion
user9507	has_profession	teacher
user9508	attend_school	university
user9508	like_movie	action
user9508	have_vehicle	ford
user9508	like_sports	football
user9509	has_hobby	running
user9509	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user9509	favorite_sport	basketball
user9509	has_hobby	running
user9509	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user9510	want	immortality
user9510	like_general	technology
user9510	has_hobby	diving
user9510	like_general	people
user9510	have_pet	dog and cat
user9511	like_activity	singing
user9511	has_hobby	martial arts
user9511	have_chidren	2 children
user9512	marital_status	single
user9512	has_profession	make robots
user9512	have	bas social life
user9512	like_general	going to bed late
user9512	like_food	chinese
user9513	employed_by_general	government
user9513	like_sports	baseball
user9513	like_sports	sports
user9514	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user9514	have_vehicle	junk
user9514	want_do	fix
user9514	misc_attribute	active
user9515	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user9515	has_profession	cashier
user9515	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user9516	like_food	meat
user9516	employed_by_company	online
user9516	have	alias
user9516	like_goto	festivals
user9517	place_origin	kansas
user9517	have_chidren	3 daughter
user9517	like_activity	scuba diving
user9517	like_sports	horseback riding
user9518	misc_attribute	skeptical
user9518	like_general	color red
user9518	misc_attribute	lively
user9518	have	3 thumbs
user9519	physical_attribute	purple hair
user9519	favorite_book	tale of genji
user9519	job_status	employed
user9520	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9520	like_goto	museum
user9520	have_family	10 niece
user9520	has_profession	writer
user9521	other	conservative
user9521	employed_by_company	amazon
user9521	favorite_activity	robotics
user9521	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user9522	like_activity	hiking
user9522	like_general	being a guy
user9522	have_family	mother
user9522	like_movie	shows
user9522	like_food	burrito
user9523	place_origin	tennessee
user9523	has_hobby	fishing
user9523	have_pet	dog
user9523	like_music	charlie daniels
user9524	misc_attribute	artistic
user9524	like_watching	anime
user9524	like_activity	role play
user9524	has_hobby	reading
user9525	like_food	tuna fish
user9525	like_food	gummy worms
user9525	favorite_music	rock opera
user9525	like_read	science fiction
user9526	has_hobby	cooking
user9526	attend_school	graduate school
user9526	school_status	student
user9526	like_food	sushi
user9527	like_food	italian cuisine
user9527	like_music	concerts
user9527	job_status	volunteer
user9527	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user9528	favorite_show	csi
user9528	want_job	smithsonian
user9528	dislike	winter
user9528	misc_attribute	risky
user9529	has_ability	fast typer
user9529	misc_attribute	skeptical
user9529	misc_attribute	lively
user9529	like_general	color red
user9529	have	3 thumbs
user9530	like_activity	shopping
user9530	school_status	graduated
user9530	like_animal	dog
user9530	like_food	sushi
user9531	have	trouble connecting with family
user9531	like_food	vegetables
user9531	other	<blank>
user9531	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user9532	have_sibling	brother
user9532	like_food	popcorn
user9532	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user9532	has_hobby	horseback riding
user9532	has_hobby	snowboarding
user9533	have_sibling	4 sibling
user9533	physical_attribute	short
user9534	gender	male
user9534	dislike	family
user9534	misc_attribute	angry
user9534	have_vehicle	jaguar
user9535	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user9535	like_food	beans
user9535	like_general	huge paintings.
user9535	like_activity	zumba
user9535	like_activity	collecting rocks
user9536	other	carnivore
user9536	has_age	18
user9536	like_goto	rock concerts
user9536	like_activity	with friends
user9537	physical_attribute	blonde
user9537	other	feet smell
user9537	like_general	money
user9538	has_profession	writer
user9538	has_hobby	puzzles
user9538	has_profession	teacher
user9538	like_music	country
user9539	like_activity	watching sunsets
user9539	like_watching	sun rise
user9539	want_do	exercise
user9539	has_profession	<blank>
user9540	want_job	teacher
user9540	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user9540	misc_attribute	friendly
user9540	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user9540	has_hobby	kayaking
user9541	like_goto	hospital
user9541	other	0 chewing food
user9541	physical_attribute	slow
user9542	other	stuck in the past
user9542	misc_attribute	savage
user9542	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user9542	has_ability	not technology
user9542	like_general	place
user9543	favorite_food	italian
user9543	have	10 piercings
user9543	<blank>	smoking
user9544	has_ability	play instrument
user9544	favorite_color	green
user9544	like_read	history
user9545	other	was on the news
user9545	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user9546	has_ability	math
user9546	misc_attribute	nerd
user9546	like_activity	0 thinking
user9546	have_sibling	sibling
user9547	has_ability	play instrument
user9547	like_activity	cooking
user9547	like_goto	restaurant
user9547	like_music	drake
user9547	like_music	rap
user9548	has_profession	1 librarian
user9548	marital_status	divorced
user9548	have_chidren	0 children
user9548	misc_attribute	shy
user9549	misc_attribute	depressed
user9549	have_family	parents
user9549	other	am bisexual
user9549	job_status	unemployed
user9549	want	help
user9550	school_status	student
user9550	have	friend
user9550	want	money
user9550	want_do	move out
user9551	favorite	rose
user9551	favorite_color	orange
user9551	has_profession	barista
user9551	other	vegan
user9551	have_pet	cat
user9552	misc_attribute	smart
user9552	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user9552	physical_attribute	short
user9552	like_activity	reading
user9553	has_profession	blogger
user9553	have_chidren	children
user9553	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user9554	dislike	traffic
user9554	like_activity	sleeping
user9555	like_activity	running
user9555	favorite_place	new york
user9555	marital_status	divorced
user9555	has_profession	lawyer
user9556	has_ability	security guard
user9556	marital_status	single
user9556	job_status	employed
user9556	have_pet	2 dog
user9556	has_age	30
user9557	want_do	climbing
user9557	like_activity	sculpting
user9557	have	shot lion
user9557	misc_attribute	sad
user9558	has_profession	finance
user9558	like_sports	soccer
user9558	live_in_general	apartment
user9558	dislike	coffee
user9559	has_hobby	tennis
user9559	has_profession	baker
user9559	have_sibling	2 sister
user9560	want	be an animal
user9560	dislike	regular life
user9560	other	am curious about space
user9560	have_family	<blank>
user9561	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user9561	like_general	furniture
user9561	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user9561	has_ability	play instrument
user9561	own	cds
user9562	like_watching	news
user9562	like_general	activism
user9562	has_profession	legal assistant
user9562	like_read	female authors
user9562	like_activity	activist work
user9563	misc_attribute	shy
user9563	own	wear glasses
user9563	have_chidren	0 children
user9563	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user9563	marital_status	divorced
user9564	has_profession	artist
user9564	have_chidren	4 children
user9564	have_pet	cat
user9564	like_activity	walking
user9565	favorite	auto
user9565	physical_attribute	6 tall
user9565	like_goto	opera
user9565	like_goto	paris
user9566	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user9566	physical_attribute	tall
user9566	like_general	red
user9566	has_hobby	water sports
user9567	attend_school	university
user9567	like_music	metallica
user9567	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9567	have_pet	4 cat
user9568	has_hobby	hiking
user9568	like_activity	fishing
user9568	has_profession	personal trainer
user9568	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user9569	want	house on beach
user9569	like_activity	eating
user9569	like_watching	nascar
user9570	have_chidren	daughter
user9570	has_profession	waiter
user9570	school_status	student
user9570	favorite	rose
user9570	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user9571	own	phone
user9571	have_family	parents
user9571	like_general	red
user9571	like_general	headsets
user9571	like_activity	travel
user9572	favorite_color	red orange
user9572	like_watching	horror
user9572	<blank>	seeking employment
user9572	has_ability	play instrument
user9572	have_family	grandmother
user9573	live_in_general	alone
user9573	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user9573	has_profession	engineer
user9573	like_activity	hiking
user9574	attend_school	university
user9574	like_sports	football
user9574	like_movie	action
user9575	like_general	money
user9575	other	feet smell
user9575	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user9576	like_sports	cycling
user9576	like_activity	football
user9576	gender	male
user9576	physical_attribute	beard
user9577	has_hobby	tap dancing
user9577	physical_attribute	short
user9577	has_hobby	baking
user9577	have_sibling	twin brother
user9578	dislike	fashion
user9578	has_profession	waitress
user9578	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user9579	has_age	21
user9579	favorite	rose
user9579	have_pet	cat
user9579	school_status	student
user9579	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user9580	have_family	mother
user9580	has_hobby	blogging
user9580	other	allergies
user9580	want	ferret
user9581	like_music	rock
user9581	like_sports	basketball
user9581	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user9581	favorite_color	green
user9582	misc_attribute	romantic
user9582	school_status	dropped out
user9582	misc_attribute	emotional
user9582	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user9583	want_job	director
user9583	has_hobby	band
user9583	has_ability	play instrument
user9584	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user9584	like_activity	hunting
user9584	has_profession	writer
user9584	like_food	barbecue
user9585	want	spouse
user9585	has_profession	marketing
user9585	have_family	no sibling
user9585	physical_attribute	well put together
user9585	has_hobby	working out
user9586	has_ability	play instrument
user9586	have	boyfriend
user9586	favorite_color	yellow
user9587	like_activity	shopping
user9587	have	2 tattoos
user9587	have_pet	cat
user9587	employed_by_general	office
user9588	like_general	blue
user9588	like_food	home-cooked meals
user9588	favorite_show	fantasy
user9589	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user9589	<blank>	<blank>
user9589	have_pet	iguana
user9589	favorite_movie	star wars
user9590	like_sports	basketball
user9590	have	many cars
user9590	like_watching	sport
user9591	has_ability	playing pool
user9591	like_animal	unicorns
user9591	want_do	<blank>
user9591	want_do	travel
user9591	teach	arts
user9592	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user9592	school_status	graduated
user9592	like_general	low taxes
user9592	has_profession	finance
user9593	has_profession	truck driver
user9593	favorite_sport	football
user9593	like_activity	working out
user9593	previous_profession	veteran
user9593	have_vehicle	camper
user9594	physical_attribute	curly
user9594	like_activity	gardening
user9594	like_general	crystals
user9594	misc_attribute	independent
user9595	job_status	employed
user9595	physical_attribute	colorblind
user9595	has_age	30
user9595	has_degree	marketing
user9595	other	volunteer firefighter.
user9596	have	boyfriend
user9596	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user9596	favorite_food	spaghetti
user9596	have_family	mother
user9596	misc_attribute	forgetful
user9597	misc_attribute	quiet
user9597	like_music	linkin park
user9597	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user9597	other	was diagnosed with autism
user9597	attend_school	high school
user9598	favorite_color	hunter green
user9598	has_profession	chef
user9598	want_job	restauranteur
user9598	has_hobby	movies
user9599	other	tom
user9599	misc_attribute	healthy
user9599	like_food	italian cuisine
user9599	favorite_food	pizza
user9599	other	east asian
user9600	want_do	propose
user9600	has_degree	graduate
user9601	employed_by_general	candy store
user9601	like_general	politics
user9601	has_hobby	football
user9601	marital_status	married
user9602	own	home
user9602	like_food	barbecue
user9602	like_activity	hunting
user9602	has_profession	writer
user9603	have_family	sibling
user9603	<blank>	play instrument
user9603	has_profession	psychologist
user9603	like_food	chocolate
user9603	has_hobby	geocache
user9604	have	girlfriend
user9604	live_in_general	city
user9604	employed_by_general	bookstore
user9605	like_activity	surfing
user9605	marital_status	married
user9605	other	childhood
user9605	has_profession	nurse
user9605	has_profession	baker
user9606	like_music	10 concerts
user9606	like_music	madonna
user9606	employed_by_general	retailer
user9606	like_music	any
user9607	have_chidren	2 daughter
user9607	want_job	writer
user9607	like_activity	story telling
user9607	have_family	0 husband
user9607	teach	english literature
user9608	like_watching	we wrestling
user9608	like_goto	cafe
user9608	has_profession	receptionist
user9609	like_read	<blank>
user9609	have_chidren	4 children
user9609	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user9610	like_food	pizza
user9610	like_activity	gardening
user9610	gender	male
user9610	like_activity	painting
user9610	favorite_music_artist	ween
user9611	has_hobby	hiking
user9611	want_job	teacher
user9611	school_status	graduated
user9611	has_degree	american literature and education
user9612	has_ability	sport
user9612	dislike	sports
user9612	want_do	sports
user9612	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9612	has_hobby	archery
user9613	like_food	fish
user9613	have_vehicle	boat
user9613	live_in_general	near the ocean
user9613	like_general	shoes
user9613	favorite_book	jane austen
user9614	have	nickname
user9614	want	to take over the world
user9614	like_activity	singing
user9614	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user9615	have_pet	doberman
user9615	has_profession	mechanic
user9615	has_age	25
user9615	gender	male
user9616	own	car
user9616	misc_attribute	quick
user9616	have_sibling	brother
user9616	like_general	food trucks
user9616	physical_attribute	not a blond
user9617	misc_attribute	stubborn
user9617	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user9617	like_activity	hiking
user9617	dislike	formal situations
user9618	employed_by_general	factory
user9618	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9618	misc_attribute	lazy
user9618	misc_attribute	antisocial
user9619	marital_status	married
user9619	live_in_general	by a lake
user9619	own	upholstery shop
user9619	have_chidren	grandchildren
user9619	other	mother
user9620	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user9620	has_age	29
user9620	like_general	going to bed late
user9620	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user9620	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user9621	like_activity	shopping
user9621	have	2 tattoos
user9621	favorite_hobby	knitting
user9621	employed_by_general	office
user9621	have_pet	cat
user9622	like_music	gary numan
user9622	like_animal	dragon
user9622	like_food	fruit
user9622	like_activity	snorkeling
user9622	like_general	apple products
user9623	have	4 visited mexico
user9623	like_activity	skiing
user9623	dislike	mexican food
user9623	like_food	cheetos
user9624	want_job	nurse
user9624	has_profession	paramedic
user9624	live_in_general	studio apartment
user9624	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user9624	have_family	3 sister
user9625	other	youngest
user9625	like_general	blue
user9625	like_activity	photography
user9625	school_status	student
user9626	like_animal	animals
user9626	want_job	singer
user9626	like_sports	tennis
user9627	school_status	student
user9627	misc_attribute	popular
user9627	have_pet	dog
user9627	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user9628	other	mother
user9628	like_activity	reading
user9628	like_music	the rolling stones
user9628	favorite_food	mexican food
user9628	has_profession	nurse
user9629	like_read	female authors
user9629	like_watching	news
user9629	like_activity	activist work
user9629	like_general	activism
user9630	misc_attribute	forgetful
user9630	favorite_food	spaghetti
user9630	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user9630	have_family	mother
user9631	favorite_season	fall
user9631	physical_attribute	brunette
user9631	like_activity	sleeping in
user9631	like_food	healthy
user9632	like_food	fish
user9632	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user9632	misc_attribute	confident
user9632	other	democrat
user9633	like_activity	snorkeling
user9633	like_general	apple products
user9633	like_animal	dragon
user9633	like_music	gary numan
user9633	like_food	fruit
user9634	has_ability	read foreign language
user9634	like_activity	reading
user9634	has_ability	read
user9634	school_status	dropped out
user9635	have	timeshare
user9635	favorite_show	friends
user9635	favorite_food	sushi
user9635	has_profession	<blank>
user9636	has_profession	teacher
user9636	live_in_general	suburbs
user9636	have_chidren	3 children
user9636	<blank>	<blank>
user9636	school_status	graduated
user9637	has_age	19
user9637	like_sports	baseball
user9637	favorite	mike trout
user9637	has_hobby	baseball
user9637	has_hobby	baseball
user9638	like_drink	milk shakes
user9638	favorite	holiday is halloween
user9638	have_pet	dog
user9638	own	bike
user9638	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user9639	have_sibling	3 sibling
user9639	other	has not left country
user9639	other	<blank>
user9639	has_hobby	hiking
user9639	job_status	employed
user9640	misc_attribute	religious
user9640	dislike	evil
user9640	misc_attribute	weak
user9640	misc_attribute	religious
user9641	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user9641	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user9641	own	cds
user9641	like_general	furniture
user9642	like_activity	working out
user9642	like_general	people
user9642	like_activity	praying
user9643	favorite_place	new york
user9643	marital_status	divorced
user9643	like_activity	running
user9643	favorite_food	steak
user9644	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user9644	like_food	fast
user9644	has_profession	national guard officer
user9644	like_general	weather
user9645	like_general	job
user9645	like_goto	beeach
user9645	previous_profession	technician
user9645	like_activity	cycling
user9645	have_pet	dog
user9646	have_pet	3 dog
user9646	have_chidren	2 children
user9646	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user9646	has_profession	physical therapist
user9647	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user9647	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user9647	favorite_activity	reading
user9647	like_food	spaghetti
user9648	not_have	money
user9648	like_activity	riding the bus
user9648	has_profession	babysitter
user9648	favorite_color	yellow
user9649	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user9649	other	conservative
user9649	employed_by_company	amazon
user9649	live_in_general	rural
user9649	favorite_activity	robotics
user9650	has_hobby	working out
user9650	has_profession	marketing
user9650	physical_attribute	well put together
user9650	have_family	no sibling
user9651	have_chidren	0 children
user9651	marital_status	divorced
user9651	own	wear glasses
user9651	has_profession	1 librarian
user9652	teach	6 teaching
user9652	has_hobby	singing
user9652	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user9652	has_hobby	volley ball
user9652	like_activity	crocheting
user9653	own	glasses
user9653	like_activity	writing
user9653	has_hobby	ride bike
user9653	attend_school	college
user9654	school_status	graduated
user9654	want	weather
user9654	place_origin	outside the us
user9654	have_family	big family
user9655	has_profession	zoologist
user9655	job_status	with wife
user9655	have	taught
user9656	school_status	student
user9656	other	youngest
user9656	like_general	blue
user9656	have_sibling	2 brother
user9656	like_activity	photography
user9657	have_pet	4 dog
user9657	have_vehicle	convertible
user9657	own	personal religion
user9657	other	believe in ghosts
user9658	has_ability	novel writing
user9658	has_profession	trainer
user9658	has_hobby	writing
user9658	want_job	author
user9659	has_hobby	baseball
user9659	have_chidren	2 children
user9659	has_profession	doctor
user9660	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user9660	has_hobby	singing
user9660	has_hobby	volley ball
user9660	like_activity	crocheting
user9660	teach	6 teaching
user9661	want	be millionaire
user9661	has_hobby	yoga
user9661	other	vegan
user9661	like_sports	hockey
user9662	have_pet	cat
user9662	have	1 blue eye
user9663	have_sibling	sister
user9663	other	vegetarian
user9663	job_status	employed
user9663	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user9663	have_pet	4 cat
user9664	has_profession	car salesman
user9664	like_activity	painting
user9665	like_read	<blank>
user9665	has_hobby	listens
user9665	have_vehicle	<blank>
user9665	other	am diabetic
user9666	like_sports	hockey
user9666	other	flew out of country
user9666	attend_school	university
user9666	have_family	1 sibling
user9667	like_watching	mma
user9667	school_status	student
user9667	like_drink	water with protein powder
user9667	has_hobby	weight lifting
user9667	own	bowie knife
user9668	like_general	iphone
user9668	own	ebooks
user9668	own	2 monitors
user9668	like_movie	superhero
user9669	favorite_season	fall
user9669	physical_attribute	brunette
user9669	like_activity	sleeping in
user9669	like_food	healthy
user9669	marital_status	single
user9670	dislike	city
user9670	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user9670	has_ability	play instrument
user9670	other	omar
user9670	have_sibling	brother
user9671	want_do	<blank>
user9671	have_vehicle	honda
user9671	like_read	thriller
user9671	like_watching	sitcoms
user9671	like_activity	talking
user9672	like_general	adam levine
user9672	want	more iron in my diet
user9672	like_food	kale
user9672	have_pet	2 cat
user9672	have_family	2 children
user9673	like_food	french fries
user9673	favorite_music_artist	up
user9673	has_ability	fall up stairs
user9673	have_vehicle	bicycle
user9674	own	band tees
user9674	like_general	anime
user9674	like_music	techno
user9674	like_goto	comic-con
user9675	favorite_color	yellow
user9675	like_music	80 s music
user9675	want_job	architect
user9675	like_general	ghost
user9676	favorite_music	rock
user9676	dislike	afraid of the dark
user9676	has_profession	design video games
user9677	has_ability	lie
user9677	has_hobby	painting
user9677	has_hobby	painting
user9677	have	won lottery
user9678	live_in_general	near the ocean
user9678	dislike	red meat
user9678	like_sports	surfing
user9678	like_watching	sunsets
user9679	attend_school	university
user9679	like_sports	swimming
user9679	misc_attribute	social
user9679	has_hobby	exercise
user9680	has_hobby	diet
user9680	other	cant drive
user9680	marital_status	married
user9680	marital_status	married
user9681	misc_attribute	romantic
user9681	misc_attribute	emotional
user9681	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user9681	school_status	dropped out
user9682	favorite_sport	basketball
user9682	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user9682	has_hobby	running
user9682	has_hobby	running
user9682	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user9683	teach	kindergarten
user9683	school_status	2016 graduated
user9683	has_hobby	kayaking
user9683	has_profession	teacher
user9684	like_activity	video games
user9684	other	diabetic
user9684	job_status	unemployed
user9684	like_music	rock
user9685	has_hobby	painting
user9685	have	won lottery
user9685	has_ability	lie
user9686	want_do	<blank>
user9686	other	vegetarian
user9686	have	allergies
user9686	live_in_general	pig farm
user9687	like_activity	shopping
user9687	like_activity	dancing
user9687	have	never
user9687	gender	female
user9688	have_vehicle	ford
user9688	like_general	ford trucks
user9688	have_vehicle	truck
user9688	have_vehicle	ford
user9689	has_age	10
user9689	like_read	harry potter
user9689	has_hobby	martial arts
user9690	has_profession	9 to 5
user9690	like_activity	cooking
user9690	has_hobby	volunteer
user9690	want_job	baker
user9691	employed_by_general	publishing building
user9691	like_activity	cooking
user9691	have	laugh
user9691	gender	female
user9691	marital_status	single
user9692	school_status	student
user9692	misc_attribute	lonely
user9692	like_animal	lizard
user9692	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user9693	like_activity	reading
user9693	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user9693	like_food	chicken
user9693	like_animal	animals
user9693	employed_by_general	hotel
user9694	favorite_food	mexican food
user9694	has_profession	nurse
user9694	like_activity	reading
user9694	other	mother
user9695	marital_status	married
user9695	has_profession	semi trucks
user9695	want_do	vacation
user9696	have_pet	2 dog
user9696	employed_by_general	circus
user9696	other	ketogenic
user9696	has_hobby	watching movies
user9697	like_activity	walking
user9697	like_activity	cooking
user9697	<blank>	<blank>
user9698	employed_by_general	flower shop
user9698	like_animal	cat
user9698	has_hobby	reading
user9698	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user9699	misc_attribute	lively
user9699	like_general	color red
user9699	have	3 thumbs
user9699	has_ability	fast typer
user9699	misc_attribute	skeptical
user9700	like_goto	farmers market
user9700	has_ability	play instrument
user9700	employed_by_general	university
user9700	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user9701	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9701	like_food	cupcakes
user9701	like_read	<blank>
user9701	like_general	blue
user9701	physical_attribute	brunette
user9702	want_job	architect
user9702	like_general	ghost
user9702	like_music	80 s music
user9702	has_profession	wedding planner
user9702	favorite_color	yellow
user9703	previous_profession	actress
user9703	like_animal	all animals
user9703	like_general	my job
user9703	favorite_music	country
user9703	other	vegan
user9704	want_do	open a business
user9704	other	vegetarian
user9704	like_animal	panda
user9704	like_sports	surfing
user9705	like_drink	chai tea
user9705	have_pet	dog
user9705	dislike	spiders
user9705	own	black clothes
user9705	has_profession	computer technician
user9706	own	ebooks
user9706	like_movie	superhero
user9706	marital_status	single
user9706	own	2 monitors
user9706	like_general	iphone
user9707	favorite_color	black
user9707	has_ability	writing a novel
user9707	dislike	pickle
user9707	favorite_show	rick and morty
user9708	like_general	blue
user9708	job_status	employed
user9708	school_status	student
user9708	marital_status	married
user9709	like_activity	shopping
user9709	gender	female
user9709	want_do	go to europe
user9709	have	never
user9709	like_activity	dancing
user9710	favorite_food	steak
user9710	own	black car
user9710	like_music	rap
user9710	like_food	meat
user9711	teach	english literature
user9711	want_job	writer
user9711	have_chidren	2 daughter
user9711	like_activity	story telling
user9712	have	severe anxiety disorder
user9712	have_chidren	children
user9712	other	pregnant
user9712	like_general	art
user9713	like_general	children
user9713	like_activity	chatting with friends
user9713	like_activity	shopping
user9713	like_activity	cooking
user9713	like_food	<blank>
user9714	like_general	place
user9714	have_pet	2 dog
user9714	favorite_color	red
user9714	want_do	travel
user9714	other	wild child
user9715	attend_school	stanford
user9715	marital_status	married
user9715	has_profession	athlete
user9715	favorite	theory henry
user9716	like_general	the weather
user9716	like_activity	hiking
user9716	like_activity	skiing
user9716	place_origin	colorado
user9717	have_family	grandchild
user9717	like_general	sunshine
user9717	misc_attribute	confused
user9717	has_hobby	driving
user9718	want	be alone
user9718	misc_attribute	distrustful
user9718	like_general	the library
user9718	member_of	sports club
user9718	like_activity	competition
user9719	previous_profession	actor
user9719	has_profession	actor
user9719	has_profession	actor
user9719	has_hobby	filmmaking
user9720	have_pet	cat
user9720	have_chidren	4 children
user9720	has_profession	artist
user9720	like_activity	walking
user9720	like_watching	game of thrones
user9721	has_profession	receptionist
user9721	other	name is mary
user9721	has_profession	receptionist
user9721	school_status	student
user9721	school_status	student
user9722	has_hobby	running
user9722	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user9722	favorite_sport	basketball
user9722	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user9722	has_hobby	running
user9723	misc_attribute	lust
user9723	has_hobby	arguing
user9723	has_hobby	collecting
user9723	like_food	cakes
user9723	physical_attribute	hears voices
user9724	dislike	green eggs and ham
user9724	like_activity	swimming
user9724	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user9724	like_activity	cooking
user9724	have_pet	4 dog
user9725	have_pet	dog
user9725	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user9725	like_read	books
user9726	has_ability	driving
user9726	like_drink	apple martinis
user9726	own	suburban
user9726	member_of	hobby club
user9727	like_food	sweets
user9727	attend_school	high school
user9727	has_hobby	cs and ds
user9727	like_music	bruno mars
user9727	like_activity	sleeping
user9728	want_do	own a restaurant
user9728	has_profession	cook
user9728	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user9728	job_status	seeking employment
user9728	has_hobby	running
user9729	has_age	19
user9729	favorite	mike trout
user9729	like_sports	baseball
user9729	has_hobby	baseball
user9730	job_status	employed
user9730	have_chidren	2 children
user9730	physical_attribute	brunette
user9730	dislike	cleaning
user9731	other	youngest
user9731	attend_school	graduate school
user9731	attend_school	university
user9731	like_read	mystery
user9731	has_hobby	tennis
user9732	like_activity	reading
user9732	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user9732	has_hobby	writing
user9732	has_hobby	found blogs
user9733	have_sibling	brother
user9733	like_sports	soccer
user9733	place_origin	france
user9733	school_status	student
user9733	want_do	soccer
user9734	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9734	have_pet	dog
user9734	like_music	smooth jazz
user9734	like_general	suits and ties
user9734	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9735	physical_attribute	long legs
user9735	like_general	skeleton
user9735	physical_attribute	dumpy
user9735	have	long fingers
user9736	has_hobby	watching television
user9736	other	sarah
user9736	has_hobby	reading
user9736	has_profession	teacher
user9736	has_profession	teacher
user9737	like_watching	the voice
user9737	like_music	<blank>
user9737	attend_school	princeton
user9737	like_goto	places
user9738	have_chidren	5 children
user9738	like_general	gadgets
user9738	like_activity	drawing
user9738	like_general	babies
user9738	like_activity	socialize
user9739	has_age	21
user9739	have_chidren	twins
user9739	physical_attribute	pregnant
user9739	physical_attribute	sick
user9739	have_chidren	3 children
user9740	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user9740	attend_school	online
user9740	like_food	ice cream
user9740	marital_status	engaged
user9741	like_music	techno
user9741	like_goto	comic-con
user9741	like_general	anime
user9741	own	band tees
user9742	has_profession	athlete
user9742	have_chidren	4 daughter
user9742	has_profession	driver
user9742	like_animal	fish
user9743	have_vehicle	<blank>
user9743	has_hobby	listens
user9743	dislike	traffic
user9743	like_read	<blank>
user9743	other	am diabetic
user9744	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9744	like_music	smooth jazz
user9744	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9744	have_pet	dog
user9745	like_music	elvis
user9745	physical_attribute	blue hair
user9745	have_vehicle	car
user9745	own	blue shoes
user9746	other	adopted
user9746	have	birth mother
user9746	employed_by_general	a local party store
user9746	have	brown hair
user9746	favorite	christmas
user9747	has_age	19
user9747	has_hobby	baseball
user9747	like_sports	baseball
user9747	has_hobby	baseball
user9747	favorite	mike trout
user9748	have_chidren	4 children
user9748	like_activity	walking
user9748	have_pet	cat
user9748	has_profession	artist
user9748	like_watching	game of thrones
user9749	has_profession	writer
user9749	like_food	gluten free
user9749	like_activity	rock climbing
user9749	have_pet	1 dog
user9749	physical_attribute	hair is black
user9750	own	my home
user9750	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user9750	has_degree	masters
user9750	marital_status	married
user9751	have_chidren	children
user9751	have_family	wife
user9751	previous_profession	actor
user9751	has_profession	baker
user9751	want_do	retire
user9752	favorite_color	orange
user9752	dislike	running
user9752	have_pet	2 cat
user9752	like_watching	sport
user9752	have_chidren	child
user9753	physical_attribute	thin
user9753	has_hobby	hunting
user9753	physical_attribute	blonde
user9753	like_watching	television
user9753	like_general	tigers baseball team
user9754	have_family	1 father
user9754	have_pet	cat
user9754	live_in_general	"parents house"
user9754	misc_attribute	anxious
user9754	has_profession	editing
user9755	want	ferret
user9755	has_hobby	blogging
user9755	other	allergies
user9755	like_general	line drying clothing
user9756	like_activity	partying
user9756	employed_by_general	restaurant
user9756	attend_school	university
user9756	school_status	student
user9756	like_goto	beach
user9757	other	parents are doctors
user9757	school_status	student
user9757	has_hobby	community theater
user9757	like_general	love
user9757	want_job	actor
user9758	like_goto	movie theater
user9758	have_pet	2 dog
user9758	like_activity	walking
user9758	like_general	<blank>
user9758	job_status	employed
user9759	employed_by_general	distributor
user9759	marital_status	married
user9759	have_chidren	toddler
user9759	like_music	taylor swift
user9760	like_sports	football
user9760	place_origin	new york
user9760	want_job	teacher
user9760	school_status	student
user9761	attend_school	miami university
user9761	has_profession	baseball player
user9761	has_profession	baseball player
user9761	job_status	employed
user9762	misc_attribute	insecure
user9762	other	<blank>
user9762	physical_attribute	hungry
user9762	marital_status	married
user9763	have_vehicle	honda
user9763	dislike	left turns
user9763	have_sibling	4 sibling
user9763	school_status	failing
user9764	have_pet	dog
user9764	like_general	red
user9764	job_status	seeking employment
user9764	physical_attribute	short
user9765	like_music	alternative rock
user9765	employed_by_general	craft store
user9765	like_activity	crocheting
user9765	own	house
user9766	employed_by_general	real estate
user9766	like_activity	singing
user9766	marital_status	dating
user9766	favorite	daisy
user9767	has_ability	donor
user9767	have	boyfriend
user9767	has_profession	waiter
user9767	has_hobby	jogging
user9768	favorite	actress
user9768	like_general	winter
user9768	like_activity	standing in the rain
user9768	want	faster computer
user9769	has_hobby	working out
user9769	physical_attribute	attractive
user9769	job_status	retired
user9769	own	wear glasses
user9769	other	8 grandchildren
user9770	place_origin	seattle
user9770	has_profession	public relations
user9770	other	buddhist
user9770	other	vegan
user9770	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user9771	previous_profession	nurse
user9771	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user9771	have_pet	cat
user9772	like_food	fish
user9772	other	democrat
user9772	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user9773	previous_profession	reporter
user9773	have	large mustache
user9773	live_in_general	condo
user9773	other	recovering alcoholic
user9774	has_profession	chef
user9774	<blank>	<blank>
user9774	like_activity	traveling
user9774	has_hobby	photography
user9774	like_activity	baking
user9775	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user9775	physical_attribute	blonde
user9775	physical_attribute	overweight
user9775	has_age	53
user9776	want_job	journalist
user9776	attend_school	university
user9776	has_ability	sorting books
user9777	has_profession	yoga instruction
user9777	misc_attribute	distant
user9777	marital_status	married
user9778	have_pet	reptile
user9778	other	character
user9778	job_status	internship
user9779	dislike	school life
user9779	want_do	move out
user9779	other	am worried about money
user9780	has_profession	cashier
user9780	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user9780	like_food	non-gmo
user9780	like_general	cold weather
user9781	like_read	<blank>
user9781	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user9781	other	vegan
user9781	has_profession	nurse
user9782	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user9782	has_profession	finance
user9782	live_in_general	apartment
user9782	dislike	coffee
user9782	like_sports	soccer
user9783	want_job	musician
user9783	job_status	employed
user9783	has_profession	factory worker
user9783	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user9784	like_activity	running
user9784	has_hobby	cooking
user9784	physical_attribute	blonde
user9784	like_general	blue
user9785	like_activity	watching videos
user9785	have_pet	dog
user9785	favorite_food	shrimp
user9785	favorite	third-party softtware
user9786	like_activity	climbing
user9786	have_family	sibling
user9786	like_animal	parrot
user9786	want_do	travel
user9787	want	any car
user9787	attend_school	in a year
user9787	have_family	parents
user9787	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user9788	has_hobby	driving
user9788	have_family	grandchild
user9788	misc_attribute	confused
user9788	like_animal	dragon
user9788	like_general	sunshine
user9789	physical_attribute	blonde
user9789	like_activity	ballet
user9789	favorite_color	purple
user9789	like_activity	video games
user9790	misc_attribute	friendly
user9790	dislike	death
user9790	misc_attribute	crazy
user9790	like_activity	filming
user9791	job_status	0 seeking employment
user9791	other	am impressed
user9791	has_profession	small business owner
user9791	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user9792	other	imaginative
user9792	has_hobby	d&d
user9792	like_drink	beverage
user9792	favorite_food	nachos
user9793	want_job	company owner
user9793	like_activity	programming
user9793	misc_attribute	night owl
user9794	like_sports	tennis
user9794	have_pet	dog
user9794	favorite_place	mall
user9794	physical_attribute	deaf
user9795	other	vegan
user9795	has_profession	barista
user9795	favorite	rose
user9795	favorite_color	orange
user9795	have_pet	cat
user9796	have_pet	2 <blank>
user9796	marital_status	married
user9796	like_activity	walking
user9796	has_age	30
user9797	has_profession	artist
user9797	like_general	the nighttime
user9797	have_pet	named charlie
user9798	like_general	red
user9798	like_activity	dance
user9798	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user9799	has_profession	zoologist
user9799	job_status	with wife
user9799	have	taught
user9800	have_sibling	sibling
user9800	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user9800	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user9800	like_activity	staying up late
user9800	want_do	video games
user9801	like_food	bagels
user9801	like_activity	running
user9801	like_activity	baking
user9801	like_drink	coke
user9802	have_chidren	children
user9802	like_activity	cleaning
user9802	like_food	fast food
user9802	misc_attribute	tired
user9802	has_hobby	watching movies
user9803	have	problems
user9803	like_food	takeout
user9803	physical_attribute	glasses
user9803	physical_attribute	short
user9803	like_animal	animals
user9804	have_vehicle	car
user9804	own	house
user9804	job_status	employed
user9804	like_activity	drawing and painting
user9804	like_general	blue
user9805	like_activity	outdoors
user9805	gender	female
user9805	attend_school	preschool
user9805	like_activity	dance
user9806	school_status	did not graduate
user9806	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user9807	dislike	waiting in line
user9807	have_sibling	sister
user9807	like_music	justin bieber
user9807	have	photo
user9808	dislike	people getting too close
user9808	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user9808	want	food
user9808	like_general	forest
user9809	like_sports	badminton
user9809	dislike	vegetables
user9809	dislike	basketball
user9810	has_profession	graphic design
user9810	want_job	animator
user9810	has_profession	designer
user9810	like_music	classical
user9811	like_activity	watching television
user9811	attend_school	university
user9811	have	been in two car crashes
user9811	like_sports	<blank>
user9811	like_drink	water
user9812	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9812	have_pet	dog
user9812	like_music	smooth jazz
user9812	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9812	like_general	suits and ties
user9813	like_activity	fishing
user9813	favorite_season	spring
user9813	have	boots
user9814	previous_profession	farmer
user9814	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user9814	like_watching	reality tv
user9814	previous_profession	farmer
user9815	attend_school	high school
user9815	like_activity	sleeping
user9815	has_hobby	cs and ds
user9815	like_food	sweets
user9815	like_music	bruno mars
user9816	want_job	professional eater
user9816	dislike	cleaning
user9816	misc_attribute	depressed
user9816	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user9817	other	has not left country
user9817	other	<blank>
user9817	job_status	employed
user9817	has_hobby	hiking
user9818	place_origin	chicago
user9818	have_sibling	2 brother
user9818	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9819	has_ability	play instrument
user9819	dislike	flowers
user9819	like_general	jimmy fallon
user9819	has_ability	making clothing
user9820	job_status	internship
user9820	want_do	skydiving
user9820	other	character
user9820	have_pet	reptile
user9821	has_profession	business man
user9821	dislike	school
user9821	want	parents
user9821	has_ability	300 speak language
user9822	has_profession	baseball player
user9822	has_profession	baseball player
user9822	marital_status	married
user9822	attend_school	miami university
user9823	like_activity	video games
user9823	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user9823	misc_attribute	family attention
user9823	like_general	exclamation marks
user9824	misc_attribute	team player
user9824	has_hobby	soccer
user9824	other	42 number is
user9824	has_hobby	goalie
user9824	favorite	nike cleats
user9825	like_general	car
user9825	favorite_color	green
user9825	like_activity	travel
user9825	job_status	employed
user9825	like_animal	cat
user9826	has_profession	secretary
user9826	favorite_color	orange
user9826	like_food	taco
user9826	like_activity	swimming
user9826	have_pet	3 cat
user9827	like_activity	hunting
user9827	dislike	seafood
user9827	like_general	blue
user9827	place_origin	deep south
user9828	attend_school	high school
user9828	like_music	bruno mars
user9828	like_food	sweets
user9828	has_hobby	cs and ds
user9828	like_activity	sleeping
user9829	dislike	country
user9829	have	hair
user9829	have_vehicle	ford
user9829	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user9829	physical_attribute	tall
user9830	have_family	3 sister
user9830	live_in_general	studio apartment
user9830	has_profession	paramedic
user9830	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user9831	employed_by_general	hospital
user9831	favorite	toyota cars
user9831	like_general	vote
user9831	dislike	overtime
user9832	misc_attribute	smart
user9832	physical_attribute	short
user9832	like_activity	reading
user9832	physical_attribute	round
user9833	like_watching	science fiction
user9833	employed_by_general	railroad
user9833	other	omnivore
user9833	like_food	pretzels
user9833	favorite_music_artist	vv nation
user9834	like_watching	stars
user9834	has_hobby	pet
user9834	physical_attribute	short
user9834	want	porsche
user9835	has_hobby	football
user9835	has_hobby	football
user9835	like_goto	league
user9835	member_of	sports team
user9835	misc_attribute	determined
user9836	like_general	art
user9836	have	severe anxiety disorder
user9836	have_chidren	children
user9837	like_food	green tea
user9837	like_activity	writing
user9837	<blank>	<blank>
user9837	like_watching	mystery
user9838	have_family	parents
user9838	misc_attribute	sad
user9838	have_chidren	2 son
user9838	has_profession	artist
user9838	have	a house
user9839	misc_attribute	competitive
user9839	like_food	eggplant
user9839	own	1 bar
user9839	marital_status	5 divorced
user9840	like_general	sunny day
user9840	misc_attribute	smart
user9840	like_drink	coffee
user9840	misc_attribute	not obligated
user9840	like_general	winning
user9841	have_pet	cat
user9841	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user9841	like_activity	singing
user9841	has_profession	coffee shop
user9842	have_pet	2 dog
user9842	want_do	travel
user9842	other	wild child
user9842	like_general	place
user9842	favorite_color	red
user9843	have_vehicle	boat
user9843	<blank>	<blank>
user9843	gender	70 male
user9843	like_activity	fishing
user9844	marital_status	single
user9844	favorite	subject was science
user9844	favorite_food	pizza
user9844	favorite_hobby	reading
user9845	physical_attribute	brunette
user9845	have_pet	1 cat
user9845	physical_attribute	overweight
user9845	like_activity	sewing
user9846	like_activity	going barefoot
user9846	has_hobby	knitting
user9846	has_profession	tutor
user9846	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user9847	have_vehicle	prius
user9847	employed_by_general	<blank>
user9848	dislike	working
user9848	like_activity	survivalism
user9848	like_general	family and fun
user9848	other	free spirit
user9849	attend_school	graduate school
user9849	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user9849	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user9850	like_animal	unicorn
user9850	has_ability	playing pool
user9850	want_do	travel
user9850	want_do	<blank>
user9850	teach	arts
user9851	employed_by_general	large company
user9851	want	win lottery
user9851	like_food	all
user9851	like_music	rock
user9852	employed_by_general	a small
user9852	have_sibling	6 sister
user9852	like_activity	walking
user9852	like_sports	boston celtics
user9852	like_food	chocolate
user9853	like_general	her
user9853	want	happy
user9853	like_activity	dressing up
user9853	want_do	procedures
user9854	marital_status	married
user9854	like_drink	iced tea
user9854	has_hobby	shopping
user9854	teach	first grade
user9854	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user9855	like_activity	shopping
user9855	own	bmw
user9855	have	friends
user9855	other	debt
user9855	marital_status	single
user9856	physical_attribute	have back pain
user9856	misc_attribute	old soul
user9856	misc_attribute	unstable
user9856	misc_attribute	passionate
user9856	want	voice
user9857	has_profession	actor
user9857	has_profession	actor
user9857	previous_profession	actor
user9857	has_profession	actor
user9858	like_activity	mountain biking
user9858	like_activity	hiking
user9858	like_activity	traveling
user9858	has_hobby	environmentalist
user9858	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user9859	physical_attribute	overweight
user9859	like_activity	sewing
user9859	have_pet	1 cat
user9859	physical_attribute	short
user9859	physical_attribute	brunette
user9860	has_hobby	reading
user9860	favorite_drink	pepsi
user9860	like_food	hot dog
user9860	has_hobby	bird watching
user9861	has_profession	construction worker
user9861	have_family	mother
user9861	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user9861	attend_school	welding
user9862	like_activity	recycling
user9862	other	hippie
user9862	physical_attribute	red hair
user9862	have	2 tattoos
user9862	have_vehicle	van
user9863	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9863	like_activity	skin care
user9863	dislike	cooking
user9863	like_general	dress up
user9863	misc_attribute	ambitious
user9864	physical_attribute	tall
user9864	job_status	not a basketball player
user9864	like_music	the rolling stones
user9864	employed_by_company	ibm
user9864	want_do	retire
user9865	like_activity	singing
user9865	own	cupcake business
user9865	has_ability	to be late
user9865	employed_by_general	diner
user9866	like_activity	shopping
user9866	like_general	fashion designers
user9866	like_general	fashion
user9866	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user9866	attend_school	university
user9867	like_sports	cycling
user9867	like_drink	tea
user9867	like_general	people
user9867	like_activity	drawing
user9868	other	help with bookeeping
user9868	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user9868	like_food	food with no animal product
user9868	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user9868	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9869	misc_attribute	night owl
user9869	like_activity	programming
user9869	school_status	student
user9869	want_job	company owner
user9870	want	corvette
user9870	like_animal	dog
user9870	marital_status	divorced
user9870	has_profession	mall cop
user9870	has_hobby	writing
user9871	previous_profession	telemarketer
user9871	has_hobby	gambling
user9871	like_activity	playing the lottery
user9871	dislike	punching clocks
user9872	teach	kindergarten
user9872	other	vegan
user9872	school_status	student
user9872	like_goto	museum
user9873	like_animal	butterfly
user9873	like_animal	cat
user9873	like_general	my little pony
user9873	like_activity	being weird
user9873	like_watching	anime
user9874	have_pet	horse
user9874	live_in_general	country
user9874	physical_attribute	pregnant
user9875	like_activity	baking
user9875	member_of	retirement home
user9875	has_age	old
user9876	favorite_season	winter
user9876	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user9876	misc_attribute	excited
user9876	like_animal	cat
user9876	like_goto	walmart
user9877	other	look down on people
user9877	like_food	takeout
user9877	school_status	graduated
user9877	misc_attribute	patriotic
user9877	has_profession	finance
user9878	dislike	sleeping
user9878	have	0 parents
user9878	like_activity	travel alone
user9878	favorite_food	steak
user9878	misc_attribute	smart
user9879	has_profession	baker
user9879	like_activity	hunting
user9879	have	a few friends
user9879	like_general	katy perry
user9879	like_activity	sewing
user9880	want_do	climbing
user9880	misc_attribute	sad
user9880	have	shot lion
user9880	like_activity	sculpting
user9880	has_hobby	artist
user9881	other	imaginative
user9881	has_hobby	d&d
user9881	dislike	talking to people
user9881	favorite_food	nachos
user9881	like_drink	beverage
user9882	want_do	travel
user9882	like_watching	western
user9882	has_profession	yoga instruction
user9882	have_chidren	2 children
user9883	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user9883	like_sports	football
user9883	like_activity	reading
user9884	have	3 tattoos
user9884	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user9884	other	did not know my dad
user9885	other	omar
user9885	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user9885	has_ability	play instrument
user9885	have_sibling	brother
user9886	dislike	trying new things
user9886	want	be alone
user9886	like_general	the library
user9886	misc_attribute	distrustful
user9886	like_activity	competition
user9887	like_drink	soda
user9887	like_music	the rolling stones
user9887	marital_status	married
user9887	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9888	want_job	teacher
user9888	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user9888	has_hobby	kayaking
user9888	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user9889	have	taught
user9889	job_status	with wife
user9890	like_sports	cycling
user9890	physical_attribute	beard
user9890	gender	male
user9890	have_pet	dog
user9890	like_activity	football
user9891	like_goto	opera
user9891	like_music	classical
user9891	favorite	auto
user9891	physical_attribute	6 tall
user9892	live_in_general	park
user9892	not_have	car
user9892	not_have	child
user9892	has_hobby	listens
user9893	like_food	popcorn
user9893	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user9893	has_hobby	horseback riding
user9893	have_sibling	brother
user9893	has_hobby	snowboarding
user9894	employed_by_general	factory
user9894	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user9894	like_activity	sleeping
user9894	misc_attribute	lazy
user9894	misc_attribute	antisocial
user9895	employed_by_general	retailer
user9895	like_music	10 concerts
user9895	like_music	any
user9895	like_music	madonna
user9896	misc_attribute	generous
user9896	like_general	smelling my own farts
user9896	like_general	blame
user9896	physical_attribute	fat
user9896	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user9897	has_hobby	baseball
user9897	like_sports	baseball
user9897	has_hobby	baseball
user9897	has_age	19
user9897	favorite	mike trout
user9898	like_music	imagine dragons
user9898	has_hobby	kayaking
user9898	like_food	crab
user9898	like_activity	fly model airplane
user9899	like_general	blue
user9899	like_activity	cycling
user9899	has_profession	salesman
user9899	like_general	reduit
user9900	have_pet	1 dog
user9900	other	shoe size
user9900	want_job	journalist
user9900	has_ability	play instrument
user9900	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user9901	attend_school	high school
user9901	other	braces
user9901	has_age	15
user9902	other	name is kevin
user9902	school_status	student
user9902	want_job	software engineer
user9902	like_activity	working out
user9902	has_ability	play instrument
user9903	misc_attribute	complex
user9903	own	computer
user9903	like_activity	learning
user9903	want_do	speak language
user9903	like_watching	foreign
user9904	has_profession	teacher
user9904	want_do	travel
user9904	like_activity	walking
user9904	job_status	retired
user9905	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user9905	favorite	sleep
user9905	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user9905	own	sneakers
user9906	favorite	superman
user9906	want_job	superhero
user9906	has_age	8
user9906	like_read	comics
user9907	has_ability	3 speak language
user9907	favorite_activity	outdoors
user9907	has_ability	cook
user9908	has_profession	<blank>
user9908	favorite_show	friends
user9908	have	timeshare
user9908	favorite_food	sushi
user9909	like_activity	hiking
user9909	have_family	mother
user9909	like_food	burrito
user9910	like_activity	riding
user9910	like_activity	horseback riding
user9910	like_general	cars
user9910	other	eat less meat than usual
user9910	have	homes
user9911	marital_status	married
user9911	has_profession	cleaner
user9911	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user9912	like_watching	anime
user9912	other	gay
user9912	has_hobby	video games
user9912	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user9913	like_activity	drawing
user9913	like_activity	cooking
user9913	misc_attribute	vain
user9914	have	therapist
user9914	dislike	waking up
user9914	misc_attribute	aloof
user9915	like_activity	cooking
user9915	dislike	clowns
user9915	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user9915	have	2 roommate
user9915	have_pet	2 dog
user9916	like_activity	photography
user9916	like_general	blue
user9916	school_status	student
user9916	have_sibling	2 brother
user9916	other	youngest
user9917	other	am the best aunt
user9917	like_goto	beach
user9917	has_hobby	cooking
user9917	have	obsession with dog
user9918	favorite_food	hamburgers
user9918	like_watching	comedy
user9918	has_profession	ballerina
user9919	like_general	art
user9919	other	pregnant
user9919	have_chidren	children
user9920	job_status	employed
user9920	like_general	nature
user9920	like_activity	hiking
user9920	like_general	eating out
user9920	like_general	blue
user9921	has_profession	paramedic
user9921	have_family	3 sister
user9921	want_job	nurse
user9921	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user9921	live_in_general	studio apartment
user9922	place_origin	mexico
user9922	teach	<blank>
user9922	like_activity	walking
user9922	like_activity	baking
user9923	employed_by_general	hospital
user9923	has_hobby	boating
user9923	live_in_general	large home
user9923	like_goto	beach
user9923	has_profession	doctor
user9924	like_music	classic
user9924	like_general	impala
user9924	like_activity	fishing
user9924	favorite_season	summer
user9925	other	was diagnosed with autism
user9925	like_music	linkin park
user9925	misc_attribute	quiet
user9925	attend_school	high school
user9926	misc_attribute	excited
user9926	like_goto	walmart
user9926	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user9926	favorite_season	winter
user9927	like_activity	cooking
user9927	gender	female
user9927	like_watching	spongebob
user9927	like_food	cheese
user9928	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user9929	other	viking
user9929	like_activity	fishing
user9929	have	beard
user9930	like_activity	sleeping in
user9930	favorite_season	fall
user9930	marital_status	not married
user9930	physical_attribute	brunette
user9930	like_food	healthy
user9931	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user9931	like_general	pink
user9931	like_activity	swimming
user9931	like_general	being outside
user9932	have_pet	10 cat
user9932	physical_attribute	long red hair
user9932	dislike	asparagus
user9932	like_food	blue jello
user9932	job_status	employed
user9933	live_in_general	alone
user9933	<blank>	<blank>
user9933	has_ability	play instrument
user9933	has_hobby	cooking
user9934	has_profession	teacher
user9934	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user9934	like_activity	video games
user9934	like_movie	magic mike
user9934	like_activity	singing
user9935	marital_status	single
user9935	has_profession	teacher
user9935	favorite_food	salad
user9935	like_goto	nature
user9936	has_ability	play instrument
user9936	like_food	indian cuisine
user9936	has_hobby	play
user9936	want	to adopt a dog
user9937	other	diabetic
user9937	like_activity	video games
user9937	like_music	rock
user9937	job_status	unemployed
user9938	has_profession	teacher
user9938	like_activity	fashion
user9938	like_activity	sewing
user9938	like_goto	thrift shops
user9938	like_general	recycling
user9939	has_profession	basketball player
user9939	member_of	sports team
user9939	attend_school	university
user9939	other	make 35 million a year
user9939	live_in_general	mansion
user9940	marital_status	married
user9940	has_ability	feeling lost
user9940	has_hobby	basketball
user9940	dislike	friend group
user9941	has_age	7
user9941	like_sports	soccer
user9941	school_status	rejected
user9942	physical_attribute	short
user9942	other	gene to detect asparagus
user9942	like_drink	coffee
user9942	have_pet	dog
user9942	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user9943	dislike	future
user9943	have	6 siblings
user9943	other	adopted
user9944	misc_attribute	helpful
user9944	other	walking
user9944	live_in_general	city
user9944	like_goto	market
user9945	has_profession	comedian
user9945	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user9945	previous_profession	actor
user9945	have	local theater gig
user9946	favorite_food	cheesecake
user9946	marital_status	married
user9946	own	money
user9946	misc_attribute	bored
user9947	like_activity	roleplay
user9947	like_general	morning
user9947	dislike	all
user9947	like_general	cars
user9948	live_in_general	with parents
user9948	like_food	take out
user9948	has_hobby	video games
user9948	has_age	32
user9949	place_origin	<blank>
user9949	employed_by_company	nike
user9949	like_sports	soccer
user9949	like_activity	investing
user9950	like_read	science fiction
user9950	physical_attribute	brunette
user9950	favorite_music	rock opera
user9951	like_watching	news
user9951	like_general	activist work
user9951	has_profession	legal assistant
user9951	like_read	female authors
user9952	like_activity	hiking
user9952	like_general	nature
user9952	like_general	blue
user9952	like_general	eating out
user9953	own	bmw
user9953	like_activity	shopping
user9953	marital_status	single
user9953	other	debt
user9954	have_family	sibling
user9954	other	has left the country
user9954	like_sports	hockey
user9954	have	friend
user9955	physical_attribute	red hair
user9955	like_goto	0 library
user9955	live_in_general	coast
user9955	employed_by_general	retailer
user9956	have_pet	1 dog
user9956	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user9956	have	6 shoe size women
user9956	has_ability	play instrument
user9957	like_goto	the lake
user9957	like_read	horror
user9957	has_profession	accountant
user9957	have_pet	3 dog
user9957	like_general	blue
user9958	has_hobby	diet
user9958	marital_status	married
user9958	has_age	32
user9959	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user9959	attend_school	university
user9959	want_job	teacher
user9960	has_hobby	gambling
user9960	dislike	punching clocks
user9960	have	money
user9960	like_activity	playing the lottery
user9961	like_activity	crocheting
user9961	gender	female
user9961	have_chidren	5 children
user9961	marital_status	married
user9961	like_animal	cat
user9962	school_status	rejected
user9962	like_sports	soccer
user9962	has_age	7
user9963	has_ability	pilot
user9963	has_hobby	photography
user9963	has_profession	lawyer
user9963	own	0 television
user9963	live_in_general	mountains
user9964	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user9964	other	bad genetics
user9964	like_drink	coffee
user9964	physical_attribute	short
user9965	place_origin	san francisco
user9965	like_general	blame
user9965	physical_attribute	fat
user9965	misc_attribute	generous
user9965	like_general	smelling my own farts
user9966	have_chidren	children
user9966	live_in_general	rural area
user9966	gender	female
user9967	attend_school	local college
user9967	like_food	vegetarian
user9967	like_music	classic rock
user9967	has_hobby	watching television
user9968	like_read	anne of green gables
user9968	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user9968	want	pot bellied pig
user9968	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user9969	has_profession	engineer
user9969	live_in_general	alone
user9969	like_activity	photography
user9969	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user9969	like_activity	hiking
user9970	have	bakery
user9970	have_chidren	1 son
user9970	like_activity	walking
user9970	misc_attribute	funny
user9971	favorite	california love
user9971	have_vehicle	car
user9971	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user9971	like_music	rap
user9971	have_vehicle	car
user9972	employed_by_general	diner
user9972	own	cupcake business
user9972	has_ability	to be late
user9972	have	roommate
user9972	like_activity	singing
user9973	previous_profession	musician
user9973	employed_by_general	online
user9973	previous_profession	factory worker
user9973	like_music	the story so far
user9974	other	lost jewelry
user9974	like_activity	getting nails done
user9974	job_status	unemployed
user9974	have_pet	dog
user9974	like_drink	expensive wine
user9975	have_chidren	12 kids
user9975	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user9975	physical_attribute	overweight
user9975	physical_attribute	blonde
user9976	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user9976	misc_attribute	intelligent
user9976	has_ability	perfect pitch
user9976	has_profession	writer
user9977	like_food	cupcakes
user9977	like_general	blue
user9977	physical_attribute	brunette
user9977	employed_by_general	grocery store
user9977	like_read	<blank>
user9978	marital_status	single
user9978	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user9978	dislike	coworker
user9978	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user9979	misc_attribute	shy
user9979	has_ability	sing
user9979	has_ability	unclear
user9979	other	was accepted to participate
user9979	misc_attribute	shy
user9980	like_goto	cinema
user9980	like_activity	it
user9980	own	cape
user9981	has_hobby	fishing
user9981	dislike	fast food
user9981	own	george foreman grill
user9981	has_ability	play instrument
user9981	like_activity	go karting
user9982	like_activity	hiking
user9982	has_profession	farmer
user9982	school_status	graduated
user9982	have_family	sibling
user9983	job_status	employed
user9983	like_music	the rolling stones
user9983	like_activity	guitar
user9983	dislike	caffeine
user9984	dislike	popcorn
user9984	has_hobby	filmng
user9984	employed_by_general	movie theater
user9984	like_food	nachos
user9985	like_read	history
user9985	marital_status	engaged
user9985	like_animal	animals
user9985	employed_by_general	theater
user9986	like_general	things
user9986	like_general	dolls
user9986	misc_attribute	romantic
user9986	like_general	antiques
user9986	like_music	jazz
user9987	dislike	sweet home alabama
user9987	place_origin	alabama
user9987	like_animal	rabbit
user9987	like_watching	game of thrones
user9988	has_ability	4 speak language
user9988	has_profession	plumber
user9988	has_hobby	volunteering
user9988	other	award winner
user9989	has_hobby	puzzles
user9989	has_profession	teacher
user9989	like_music	country
user9989	has_profession	writer
user9990	like_general	cars
user9990	have_vehicle	ford
user9990	like_general	ford trucks
user9990	have_vehicle	ford
user9990	have_vehicle	truck
user9991	favorite_drink	orange juice
user9991	has_age	10
user9991	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user9991	other	arnold
user9991	like_sports	water ski
user9992	marital_status	single
user9992	has_ability	security guard
user9992	has_age	30
user9992	job_status	employed
user9992	have_pet	2 dog
user9993	favorite_sport	basketball
user9993	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user9993	has_hobby	running
user9993	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user9994	like_sports	swimming
user9994	own	home
user9994	favorite_color	purple
user9994	like_animal	dog
user9995	like_general	fun
user9995	like_activity	football
user9995	like_drink	beer
user9996	like_music	concerts
user9996	have	tattoo
user9996	other	vegan
user9996	has_hobby	philosophy
user9997	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user9997	favorite_activity	reading
user9997	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user9997	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user9997	like_food	spaghetti
user9998	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user9998	marital_status	single
user9998	job_status	employed
user9998	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user9998	dislike	coworker
user9999	has_profession	veterinarian
user9999	like_activity	reading
user9999	other	christian
user9999	favorite_movie	horror
user10000	like_activity	shopping
user10000	want_job	nurse
user10000	attend_school	university
user10001	want	money
user10001	misc_attribute	smart
user10002	physical_attribute	<blank>
user10002	has_hobby	skateboarding
user10002	have	2 hair
user10002	misc_attribute	lazy
user10003	have	car
user10003	like_food	potato
user10003	have_pet	2 dog
user10003	has_profession	accountant
user10003	gender	male
user10004	has_ability	sorting books
user10004	want_job	journalist
user10004	attend_school	university
user10004	like_read	fantasy
user10005	favorite_food	hamburgers
user10005	like_watching	comedy
user10005	job_status	employed
user10006	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user10006	have_vehicle	car
user10006	physical_attribute	skinny
user10006	favorite_drink	coffee
user10007	like_activity	shopping
user10007	has_hobby	cheerleading
user10007	has_profession	blogger
user10007	have_chidren	children
user10007	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user10008	like_general	exclamation marks
user10008	have_pet	2 cat
user10008	like_activity	video games
user10008	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user10009	like_activity	fishing
user10009	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user10009	other	dave
user10009	has_profession	personal trainer
user10009	has_hobby	hiking
user10010	have	name
user10010	has_ability	play instrument
user10010	have_vehicle	ford
user10010	has_age	25
user10011	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user10011	physical_attribute	brunette
user10011	has_profession	author
user10011	like_activity	sleeping
user10012	like_general	family
user10012	like_activity	traveling
user10012	like_activity	art projects
user10012	marital_status	married
user10013	other	vegan
user10013	like_read	<blank>
user10013	school_status	student
user10013	like_animal	animals
user10014	marital_status	married
user10014	has_profession	veterinarian
user10014	other	vegetarian
user10014	favorite_music	hip hop
user10015	like_movie	shows
user10015	like_general	being a guy
user10015	like_food	burrito
user10015	like_activity	hiking
user10016	have_family	mother
user10016	favorite_food	spaghetti
user10016	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user10016	have	boyfriend
user10016	misc_attribute	forgetful
user10017	have_pet	10 cat
user10017	dislike	asparagus
user10017	job_status	employed
user10017	like_food	blue jello
user10018	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user10018	has_degree	masters
user10018	own	my home
user10019	gender	female
user10019	own	car
user10019	like_general	blue
user10019	like_animal	dog
user10019	like_food	sushi
user10020	has_hobby	exercise
user10020	like_sports	football
user10020	misc_attribute	healthy
user10020	attend_school	university
user10020	misc_attribute	social
user10021	physical_attribute	1 arm
user10021	have_family	sibling
user10021	like_activity	hiking
user10021	school_status	graduated
user10021	has_profession	farmer
user10022	has_profession	poet
user10022	member_of	hobby club
user10022	have_pet	fish
user10022	has_hobby	donating clothes
user10023	like_activity	shopping
user10023	like_music	perfect playlist
user10023	have	phone
user10023	like_activity	basketball
user10023	like_general	the night
user10024	has_age	30
user10024	have_pet	3 dog
user10024	has_profession	veterinarian
user10024	other	vegan
user10024	like_sports	cycling
user10025	has_age	10
user10025	has_hobby	martial arts
user10025	has_profession	safety patrol
user10026	has_ability	fly airplane
user10026	like_activity	building computers
user10026	like_general	tool
user10026	attend_school	university
user10027	has_profession	veterinarian
user10027	favorite_music	hip hop
user10027	marital_status	married
user10027	place_origin	spain
user10027	other	vegetarian
user10028	has_hobby	hunting
user10028	marital_status	not married
user10028	have_chidren	children
user10028	like_sports	basketball
user10028	like_activity	singing
user10029	like_activity	travel
user10029	have_sibling	1 sister
user10029	like_animal	dog
user10029	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user10030	misc_attribute	weak
user10030	misc_attribute	religious
user10030	dislike	evil
user10030	misc_attribute	religious
user10031	has_age	14
user10031	like_sports	swimming
user10031	favorite_activity	research race cars
user10031	have	3 best friends
user10032	job_status	employed
user10032	like_sports	running
user10032	favorite_color	green
user10032	like_goto	park
user10033	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user10033	like_general	close friends
user10033	other	orphan
user10033	misc_attribute	clown
user10033	like_general	attention
user10034	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user10034	employed_by_general	museum
user10034	has_hobby	reading
user10034	other	not many friends
user10035	like_animal	dog
user10035	employed_by_general	doctors office
user10035	marital_status	single
user10035	favorite	flower is a lily
user10035	like_read	<blank>
user10036	like_goto	florida
user10036	other	mild ocd
user10036	other	feelings
user10036	dislike	social situations
user10037	live_in_general	rural area
user10037	has_age	older
user10037	like_activity	helping
user10037	job_status	retired
user10038	dislike	caffeine
user10038	like_activity	guitar
user10038	job_status	employed
user10038	like_music	the rolling stones
user10039	have	friends
user10039	like_activity	shopping
user10039	marital_status	single
user10039	own	bmw
user10040	like_activity	swimming
user10040	like_general	being outside
user10040	like_food	pasta
user10040	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user10041	has_profession	make robots
user10041	like_food	chinese
user10041	marital_status	single
user10041	have	bas social life
user10041	like_general	going to bed late
user10042	have	blood sugar problems
user10042	dislike	working out
user10042	have_vehicle	bicycle
user10042	have_pet	3 dog
user10042	has_ability	play instrument
user10043	has_profession	musician
user10043	want_do	home
user10043	have	friend
user10043	has_ability	play instrument
user10044	live_in_general	condo
user10044	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user10044	favorite_food	steak
user10044	misc_attribute	focused
user10044	like_music	opera
user10045	like_drink	whiskey
user10045	has_profession	janitor
user10045	own	wear contacts
user10045	misc_attribute	intelligent
user10045	like_general	place
user10046	misc_attribute	accent
user10046	has_age	35
user10046	has_profession	teacher
user10046	teach	japanese and drawing
user10047	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10047	employed_by_general	dog walker
user10047	have	0 traveled.
user10048	other	am lesbian
user10048	like_animal	cat
user10048	has_hobby	video games
user10048	physical_attribute	overweight
user10049	have_vehicle	ford
user10049	attend_school	university
user10049	like_movie	action
user10050	has_profession	waiter
user10050	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user10050	have_chidren	daughter
user10050	favorite	rose
user10050	school_status	student
user10051	like_general	politics
user10051	like_activity	running
user10051	has_hobby	football
user10051	marital_status	married
user10051	employed_by_general	candy store
user10052	other	<blank>
user10052	physical_attribute	hungry
user10052	want	corvette
user10052	misc_attribute	insecure
user10053	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user10053	like_general	prince
user10053	other	chinese
user10053	has_ability	2 speak language
user10054	attend_school	high school
user10054	like_sports	hockey
user10054	have_family	mother
user10054	has_hobby	travel
user10055	other	was on the news
user10055	other	have never been on the west coast
user10055	like_activity	travel
user10056	have_family	only child
user10056	school_status	student
user10056	like_general	red
user10056	have_pet	dog
user10057	have_sibling	sibling
user10057	like_activity	0 thinking
user10057	has_ability	math
user10057	like_general	computers
user10058	have_sibling	sister
user10058	like_read	pride and prejudice
user10058	like_sports	soccer
user10058	have_pet	dog
user10058	favorite	school subject
user10059	like_food	meat
user10059	other	vegetarian
user10059	like_food	pork
user10059	have	house
user10060	favorite_book	the bible
user10060	gender	male
user10060	marital_status	married
user10060	has_hobby	traveling
user10060	misc_attribute	1 religious
user10061	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user10061	has_hobby	horseback riding
user10061	have_chidren	children
user10061	have_chidren	mother
user10061	has_hobby	camping
user10062	other	vegan
user10062	like_sports	cycling
user10062	has_age	30
user10062	has_profession	veterinarian
user10063	own	an edged weapon
user10063	has_ability	speak language
user10063	have	started a fire
user10063	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user10063	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user10064	favorite_food	onion
user10064	physical_attribute	curly
user10064	like_activity	gardening
user10064	misc_attribute	independent
user10065	like_activity	cooking
user10065	has_profession	9 to 5
user10065	has_hobby	volunteer
user10065	want_job	baker
user10066	like_music	rock
user10066	employed_by_general	large company
user10066	like_food	all
user10066	have_vehicle	car
user10067	has_profession	tutor
user10067	like_activity	going barefoot
user10067	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user10067	has_hobby	knitting
user10068	like_animal	lizard
user10068	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user10068	school_status	student
user10068	own	hair
user10068	misc_attribute	lonely
user10069	have	beard
user10069	physical_attribute	buff
user10069	like_activity	fashion
user10069	has_profession	attorney
user10069	like_watching	comedy
user10070	physical_attribute	red hair
user10070	dislike	music
user10070	misc_attribute	friendly
user10070	other	nick
user10070	have_vehicle	scooter
user10071	physical_attribute	6 tall
user10071	like_goto	opera
user10071	favorite	auto
user10071	like_goto	paris
user10072	like_activity	reading
user10072	has_profession	nurse
user10072	other	mother
user10072	favorite_food	mexican food
user10073	like_food	pizza
user10073	like_general	shoes
user10073	like_activity	shopping
user10073	like_food	burrito
user10074	like_food	food with no animal product
user10074	employed_by_general	grocery store
user10074	other	help with bookeeping
user10074	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user10075	other	mild ocd
user10075	dislike	social situations
user10075	like_goto	florida
user10076	has_hobby	fashion
user10076	has_profession	barista
user10076	live_in_general	apartment
user10076	like_goto	craft shows
user10077	has_hobby	traveling
user10077	have_pet	23 cat
user10077	like_activity	painting
user10077	dislike	fish
user10077	other	vegan
user10078	misc_attribute	healthy
user10078	like_activity	writing
user10078	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user10078	like_movie	romantic comedy
user10079	have_pet	cat
user10079	like_activity	video games
user10079	own	suspenders
user10079	misc_attribute	dirty
user10079	want	a real dragon
user10080	own	home
user10080	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user10080	favorite_color	purple
user10080	like_animal	dog
user10080	like_sports	swimming
user10081	favorite_place	jamaica
user10081	like_activity	traveling
user10081	own	a business
user10081	like_activity	working out
user10081	has_profession	travel agent
user10082	employed_by_general	<blank>
user10082	have_vehicle	prius
user10083	like_animal	dog
user10083	like_sports	field hockey
user10083	want_job	veterinarian
user10083	school_status	student
user10084	other	allergic to cats
user10084	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user10084	have_chidren	son
user10084	like_activity	manicures
user10085	have_sibling	4 sibling
user10086	have_chidren	1 son
user10086	like_activity	walking
user10086	have	bakery
user10086	misc_attribute	funny
user10087	like_general	vinyl records
user10087	want_do	fix
user10087	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user10087	misc_attribute	active
user10088	has_hobby	sketching
user10088	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user10088	has_hobby	video games
user10088	other	gay
user10089	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user10089	has_age	20
user10089	like_general	blue
user10089	gender	transfemale
user10089	like_food	pizza
user10090	favorite	actor robert denaro
user10090	employed_by_general	hotel
user10090	want_do	college.
user10090	like_general	snow
user10091	favorite	rose
user10091	have_pet	cat
user10091	other	vegan
user10091	has_profession	barista
user10091	favorite_color	orange
user10092	like_read	agatha christie
user10092	member_of	church
user10092	have_chidren	5 children
user10093	have_pet	several
user10093	like_watching	wildlife
user10093	like_watching	animals
user10093	like_goto	animal shelters
user10094	have_pet	cat
user10094	have_vehicle	car
user10094	has_ability	make videos
user10094	has_profession	youtuber
user10095	marital_status	divorced
user10095	has_profession	nurse
user10095	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user10095	like_read	<blank>
user10095	employed_by_general	hospital
user10096	other	deaf man
user10096	like_general	scratching
user10096	like_activity	reading
user10096	favorite	number is 7
user10096	dislike	driving
user10097	have_chidren	children
user10097	like_activity	running
user10097	like_activity	cooking
user10097	misc_attribute	organized
user10098	have	condition
user10098	favorite_activity	pray
user10098	has_ability	left sock first.
user10098	dislike	spider
user10099	favorite_place	disney world
user10099	like_general	brothers
user10099	like_read	crime
user10099	has_profession	receptionist
user10100	like_activity	traveling
user10100	like_food	snack
user10100	favorite_music	country
user10101	like_read	<blank>
user10101	like_activity	driving
user10101	physical_attribute	tall
user10101	have	survived
user10102	like_food	meat
user10102	like_activity	painting
user10102	has_profession	car salesman
user10103	previous_profession	marine
user10103	has_hobby	reading
user10103	other	vegetarian
user10103	has_profession	bartender
user10104	have_family	grandmother
user10104	have	brown belt
user10104	has_hobby	singing
user10105	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user10105	favorite_activity	reading
user10105	like_food	spaghetti
user10105	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user10106	like_general	furniture
user10106	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user10106	has_ability	play instrument
user10106	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user10106	own	cds
user10107	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user10107	like_activity	swimming
user10107	have_pet	4 dog
user10107	dislike	green eggs and ham
user10108	want_job	author
user10108	dislike	0 <blank>
user10108	has_profession	trainer
user10108	has_hobby	writing
user10108	has_ability	novel writing
user10109	like_activity	collecting rocks
user10109	like_general	huge paintings.
user10109	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user10109	like_activity	working out
user10109	like_food	beans
user10110	dislike	over eating
user10110	have_pet	1 dog
user10110	misc_attribute	dull
user10110	dislike	paying bills
user10110	job_status	unemployed
user10111	has_degree	masters
user10111	favorite_color	purple
user10111	has_hobby	swimming
user10111	gender	female
user10112	other	hippie
user10112	have_vehicle	van
user10112	have	2 tattoos
user10112	like_activity	recycling
user10113	like_activity	cooking
user10113	like_music	rap
user10113	like_music	drake
user10113	has_ability	play instrument
user10114	dislike	fashion
user10114	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user10114	has_profession	waitress
user10115	other	vegan
user10115	have_pet	cat
user10115	favorite	rose
user10115	has_profession	barista
user10115	favorite_color	orange
user10116	has_ability	sleep
user10116	favorite_activity	computer time
user10116	want_do	texting
user10117	like_food	pork
user10117	other	vegetarian
user10117	have	house
user10118	like_activity	swimming
user10118	like_activity	cooking
user10118	favorite_color	green
user10119	have_chidren	daughter
user10119	dislike	the taste of cheese
user10119	has_ability	cooking
user10119	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user10120	has_hobby	shopping
user10120	misc_attribute	shallow
user10120	misc_attribute	suspicious
user10121	like_activity	smoking
user10121	misc_attribute	competitive
user10121	like_food	eggplant
user10121	own	1 bar
user10121	marital_status	married
user10122	has_profession	athlete
user10122	like_goto	india
user10122	like_general	blue
user10122	want_job	explorer
user10122	dislike	job
user10123	employed_by_general	factory
user10123	like_activity	travel
user10123	like_food	cheese
user10123	like_watching	ufc fights
user10124	like_general	clothes
user10124	has_profession	cashier
user10124	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user10124	like_general	cold weather
user10124	like_food	non-gmo
user10125	have_chidren	5 children
user10125	like_general	babies
user10125	like_general	gadgets
user10125	like_activity	drawing
user10125	like_activity	socialize
user10126	want_do	travel
user10126	teach	arts
user10126	want_do	<blank>
user10126	has_ability	playing pool
user10126	like_animal	unicorn
user10127	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user10127	attend_school	university
user10127	want_job	teacher
user10128	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user10128	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user10128	favorite_activity	reading
user10128	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user10128	like_food	spaghetti
user10129	have_family	only child
user10129	like_goto	foreign countries
user10129	have_pet	3 cat
user10129	like_activity	dancing
user10130	has_ability	ski racer
user10130	has_hobby	skiing
user10130	has_hobby	skiing
user10130	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user10131	has_hobby	writing
user10131	<blank>	<blank>
user10131	like_activity	singing
user10131	want_do	<blank>
user10131	favorite_color	black
user10132	like_general	sunshine
user10132	have_family	grandchild
user10132	has_hobby	driving
user10132	like_animal	dragon
user10133	have_pet	3 dog
user10133	has_profession	athlete
user10133	like_music	all american rejecs
user10133	has_ability	run marathons
user10133	dislike	sweet potatoes
user10134	dislike	fast food
user10134	has_ability	play instrument
user10134	has_hobby	fishing
user10134	like_activity	go karting
user10135	attend_school	homeschool
user10135	dislike	people
user10135	misc_attribute	artistic
user10135	like_animal	<blank>
user10135	has_ability	scream
user10136	like_activity	watching television
user10136	like_music	death metal
user10136	attend_school	university
user10136	live_in_general	a home
user10137	have_chidren	2 children
user10137	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user10137	employed_by_company	aldi
user10137	favorite_movie	titanic
user10138	has_profession	bowler
user10138	have_family	grandmother
user10138	job_status	employed
user10138	marital_status	divorced
user10139	like_read	science fiction
user10139	physical_attribute	brunette
user10139	like_food	tuna fish
user10140	job_status	work all the time
user10140	job_status	employed
user10140	have_vehicle	car
user10141	like_animal	fish
user10141	has_ability	play instrument
user10141	employed_by_general	deli
user10141	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user10142	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10142	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user10142	like_activity	driving
user10142	have_family	children
user10143	physical_attribute	red hair
user10143	have_vehicle	scooter
user10143	dislike	music
user10143	misc_attribute	friendly
user10144	like_general	cold weather
user10144	like_watching	game of thrones
user10144	dislike	heights
user10144	favorite_season	winter
user10145	want_job	explorer
user10145	like_goto	india
user10145	like_general	blue
user10145	dislike	job
user10145	has_profession	athlete
user10146	dislike	hot weather
user10146	like_general	time with friends
user10146	want_do	traveling
user10146	like_read	books
user10146	dislike	country
user10147	have	allergy
user10147	own	iphone 7
user10147	like_drink	chocolate
user10148	own	wear contacts
user10148	misc_attribute	intelligent
user10148	like_drink	whiskey
user10148	like_general	place
user10148	has_profession	janitor
user10149	has_hobby	horseback riding
user10149	like_general	boots
user10149	like_food	beef
user10150	have	nickname
user10150	want	to take over the world
user10150	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user10151	has_ability	not swim
user10151	own	chevy tahoe
user10151	favorite_food	steak
user10152	like_animal	dog
user10152	like_activity	drinking
user10152	have	tattoos
user10152	have_pet	dog
user10153	like_general	ghost
user10153	like_music	80s
user10153	has_profession	wedding planner
user10153	want_job	architect
user10154	has_ability	cook
user10154	has_ability	3 speak language
user10154	like_sports	cycling
user10154	favorite_activity	outdoors
user10155	like_general	cher
user10155	have	no money
user10155	marital_status	single
user10155	like_general	purple
user10155	have_vehicle	sports car
user10156	like_general	spend time with family
user10156	has_degree	business
user10156	like_sports	playing
user10157	like_food	cheese
user10157	employed_by_general	factory
user10157	like_activity	travel
user10158	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user10158	has_age	25
user10158	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user10158	has_profession	cashier
user10159	has_ability	visiting
user10159	employed_by_general	grocery store
user10160	other	42 number is
user10160	favorite	nike cleats
user10160	has_hobby	soccer
user10160	misc_attribute	team player
user10160	has_hobby	goalie
user10161	like_watching	anime
user10161	like_activity	being weird
user10161	like_animal	butterfly
user10161	like_animal	cat
user10162	other	name is mary
user10162	has_profession	receptionist
user10162	school_status	student
user10162	school_status	student
user10162	has_profession	receptionist
user10163	other	make 35 million a year
user10163	member_of	sports team
user10163	attend_school	university
user10163	has_profession	basketball player
user10163	live_in_general	mansion
user10164	like_general	audiobookms
user10164	live_in_general	away from parents
user10164	like_general	cartoons
user10164	have_family	mother
user10164	like_goto	water
user10165	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user10165	physical_attribute	pink hair
user10165	other	allergic to bees
user10165	employed_by_general	hospital
user10165	have_family	sibling
user10166	have_pet	dog
user10166	like_activity	watching videos
user10166	favorite	third-party softtware
user10166	favorite_food	shrimp
user10166	like_food	pumpkins
user10167	<blank>	<blank>
user10167	has_profession	contractor
user10167	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user10167	have_family	mother
user10168	like_activity	horseback riding
user10168	has_hobby	camping
user10168	have_chidren	2 son
user10168	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user10169	has_ability	4 speak language
user10169	has_profession	plumber
user10169	has_ability	impersonations
user10169	other	award winner
user10169	has_hobby	volunteering
user10170	have	5 grandchildren
user10170	like_activity	fishing
user10170	gender	70 male
user10170	<blank>	<blank>
user10170	have_vehicle	boat
user10171	job_status	volunteer
user10171	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user10171	like_music	concerts
user10171	has_profession	librarian
user10172	like_activity	rock climbing
user10172	other	mother 2 daughters
user10172	misc_attribute	people person
user10172	misc_attribute	frustrated
user10173	has_profession	in marketing
user10173	own	pink hiking boots
user10173	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user10173	like_activity	hiking
user10173	like_music	folk
user10174	like_food	cheese
user10174	employed_by_general	factory
user10174	like_activity	travel
user10174	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user10174	like_watching	ufc fights
user10175	like_sports	surfing
user10175	other	vegetarian
user10175	like_animal	panda
user10175	want_do	open a business
user10176	dislike	vegetables
user10176	favorite_place	american eagle
user10176	favorite	truck
user10176	has_hobby	running
user10177	other	name is gerald
user10177	like_sports	basketball
user10177	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user10177	like_music	rock
user10178	employed_by_company	ibm
user10178	job_status	not a basketball player
user10178	physical_attribute	tall
user10178	like_music	the rolling stones
user10178	want_do	retire
user10179	other	debt
user10179	own	bmw
user10179	have	friends
user10179	marital_status	single
user10180	favorite_color	yellow
user10180	like_activity	game halo
user10180	like_read	<blank>
user10180	like_activity	working out
user10181	like_activity	gambling
user10181	like_activity	hiking
user10181	has_ability	1 speak language
user10181	like_activity	talking on the phone
user10181	like_food	vegetables
user10182	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user10182	have_pet	cat
user10182	favorite_food	subway
user10182	like_goto	starbucks
user10182	like_goto	antique stores
user10183	dislike	running
user10183	favorite_color	orange
user10183	like_watching	sport
user10183	have_chidren	child
user10184	has_hobby	diet
user10184	has_age	32
user10184	marital_status	married
user10184	marital_status	married
user10185	misc_attribute	competitive
user10185	like_activity	smoking
user10185	marital_status	5 divorced
user10185	like_food	eggplant
user10186	favorite_show	fantasy
user10186	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user10186	like_general	blue
user10186	like_food	home-cooked meals
user10187	other	was diagnosed with autism
user10187	like_music	linkin park
user10187	misc_attribute	quiet
user10187	school_status	graduated
user10188	misc_attribute	organized
user10188	other	am a couponer
user10188	like_general	saving money
user10188	like_activity	shopping
user10189	previous_profession	farmer
user10189	want_do	move
user10189	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user10190	favorite_season	summer
user10190	have	birthday in june
user10190	have_family	mother
user10191	like_activity	drawing
user10191	other	vegan
user10191	school_status	student
user10191	favorite_food	taco
user10191	place_origin	france
user10192	own	computer
user10192	want_do	speak language
user10192	misc_attribute	bored
user10192	like_activity	learning
user10193	<blank>	travel
user10194	attend_school	graduate school
user10194	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user10194	marital_status	divorced
user10195	<blank>	plants
user10195	have_family	only child
user10195	favorite_color	purple
user10195	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user10196	have	3 tattoos
user10196	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user10196	like_activity	driving
user10197	like_sports	soccer
user10197	have_sibling	3 brother
user10197	employed_by_company	nike
user10197	like_activity	investing
user10197	place_origin	<blank>
user10198	like_movie	shows
user10198	like_food	burrito
user10198	like_activity	hiking
user10198	have_family	mother
user10199	physical_attribute	sight
user10199	dislike	writing
user10199	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user10199	have_pet	cat
user10199	marital_status	married
user10200	has_ability	impersonations
user10200	has_profession	plumber
user10200	has_ability	4 speak language
user10200	other	award winning 4h member
user10200	have_chidren	son
user10201	has_profession	athlete
user10201	have_chidren	4 daughter
user10201	like_animal	fish
user10201	has_profession	driver
user10202	has_hobby	boat making
user10202	have_pet	dog
user10202	has_ability	cannibal
user10202	like_activity	fishing
user10203	misc_attribute	1 religious
user10203	marital_status	married
user10203	gender	male
user10203	favorite_book	the bible
user10204	like_activity	laughing
user10204	like_general	shoes
user10204	like_activity	baking
user10205	favorite_place	new york
user10205	favorite_food	steak
user10205	marital_status	divorced
user10205	like_activity	running
user10206	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user10206	like_goto	thrift shops
user10206	like_activity	fashion
user10206	has_profession	teacher
user10207	live_in_general	apartment
user10207	have_chidren	daughter
user10207	has_age	25
user10208	has_age	53
user10208	misc_attribute	religious
user10208	has_profession	fitness guru
user10208	misc_attribute	carefree
user10209	attend_school	beauty classes
user10209	has_ability	apply make-up
user10209	has_hobby	youtube
user10209	have	50000 subcribers
user10210	other	mother
user10210	physical_attribute	overweight
user10210	like_activity	eating
user10210	want	attractive
user10210	physical_attribute	attractive
user10211	want_job	author
user10211	employed_by_general	bookstore
user10211	like_goto	museum
user10211	has_hobby	writing
user10212	has_profession	car salesman
user10212	like_activity	painting
user10212	like_food	meat
user10213	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user10213	job_status	employed
user10213	marital_status	married
user10214	like_sports	football
user10214	have_vehicle	truck
user10214	favorite_food	steak
user10214	has_profession	roofer
user10215	like_sports	cycling
user10215	has_profession	veterinarian
user10215	has_age	30
user10215	have_pet	3 dog
user10216	like_activity	yoga
user10216	marital_status	single
user10216	favorite_color	grey
user10216	like_activity	writing
user10216	employed_by_general	newspaper
user10217	dislike	school
user10217	misc_attribute	romantic
user10217	live_in_general	on lake
user10217	like_activity	walking
user10218	want_job	artist
user10218	like_activity	shopping
user10218	like_general	saving money
user10218	has_hobby	couponing
user10218	misc_attribute	organized
user10219	have_sibling	2 sister
user10219	favorite_show	silicon valley
user10219	has_profession	baker
user10219	has_hobby	tennis
user10220	have_pet	2 dog
user10220	has_hobby	running
user10220	physical_attribute	red hair
user10220	has_hobby	cooking
user10221	favorite_food	cheesecake
user10221	misc_attribute	bored
user10221	marital_status	married
user10221	own	money
user10222	employed_by_general	it
user10222	has_hobby	weed
user10222	have_family	father
user10222	like_music	rap
user10222	like_food	meat
user10223	has_ability	lie
user10223	has_hobby	painting
user10223	has_hobby	painting
user10223	have	won lottery
user10224	has_hobby	tabletop games
user10224	live_in_general	a home
user10224	have	crush
user10224	own	inhaler
user10225	have	garden
user10225	employed_by_company	grocery store
user10225	has_hobby	sewing
user10225	like_activity	baking
user10225	like_activity	swimming
user10226	like_food	fish
user10226	like_activity	hiking
user10226	like_music	marduk
user10226	dislike	losing things
user10226	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user10227	physical_attribute	purple hair
user10227	job_status	employed
user10228	want_job	army
user10228	misc_attribute	unafraid
user10228	marital_status	married
user10228	employed_by_company	army rangers
user10228	like_general	deployment
user10229	has_age	under 50
user10229	like_music	backstreet boys
user10229	dislike	driving
user10229	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user10229	like_food	cheese
user10230	other	vegetarian
user10230	like_watching	tv
user10230	like_activity	reading
user10230	like_activity	reading
user10230	favorite_book	harry potter books
user10231	attend_school	college
user10231	has_hobby	ride bike
user10231	have	laptop
user10231	own	glasses
user10232	misc_attribute	smart
user10232	have	0 parents
user10232	like_activity	travel alone
user10232	favorite_food	steak
user10232	dislike	sleeping
user10233	own	chevy tahoe
user10233	has_ability	not swim
user10233	like_music	rock
user10233	favorite_food	steak
user10234	like_activity	dance
user10234	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user10234	like_general	red
user10234	have_vehicle	prius
user10235	have_vehicle	honda
user10235	job_status	employed
user10235	have_sibling	4 sibling
user10235	dislike	left turns
user10236	has_age	18
user10236	attend_school	in a year
user10236	want	any car
user10236	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user10237	like_read	twilight
user10237	like_music	jason mraz
user10237	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user10237	want_do	eat: insect
user10237	has_hobby	surfing
user10238	have_vehicle	car
user10238	favorite	california love
user10238	have_vehicle	car
user10238	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user10239	own	9 guitars
user10239	has_ability	play instrument
user10239	other	vegan
user10239	want	play in a local band
user10240	has_ability	karate
user10240	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user10240	has_ability	play instrument
user10240	has_hobby	vacation
user10241	job_status	employed
user10241	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user10241	like_activity	reading
user10241	like_general	comics
user10241	have_pet	cat
user10242	like_activity	talking on the phone
user10242	like_activity	gambling
user10242	like_food	vegetables
user10242	like_activity	hiking
user10243	have_sibling	3 sibling
user10243	has_hobby	hiking
user10243	other	<blank>
user10243	job_status	employed
user10244	dislike	working out
user10244	have	blood sugar problems
user10244	have_pet	3 dog
user10244	has_ability	play instrument
user10244	have_vehicle	bicycle
user10245	like_activity	sewing
user10245	other	partially blind
user10245	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user10245	has_hobby	volunteering
user10246	misc_attribute	team player
user10246	has_hobby	goalie
user10246	other	42 number is
user10246	favorite	nike cleats
user10246	has_hobby	soccer
user10247	have_family	grandchild
user10247	like_animal	dragon
user10247	misc_attribute	confused
user10247	has_hobby	driving
user10247	like_general	sunshine
user10248	has_age	middle aged
user10248	like_music	religious
user10248	like_general	family
user10248	misc_attribute	quiet
user10248	like_sports	basketball
user10249	want_do	vacation
user10249	has_profession	semi trucks
user10249	marital_status	married
user10250	favorite_color	yellow
user10250	like_activity	riding the bus
user10250	has_profession	babysitter
user10250	job_status	unemployed
user10250	not_have	money
user10251	has_hobby	diet
user10251	has_age	32
user10251	marital_status	married
user10251	marital_status	married
user10252	has_profession	zoologist
user10252	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user10252	like_read	crime
user10252	like_food	egg
user10252	favorite_animal	panda
user10253	misc_attribute	lazy
user10253	have_pet	1 dog
user10253	misc_attribute	dull
user10253	dislike	over eating
user10254	have	boyfriend
user10254	has_hobby	jogging
user10254	has_ability	donor
user10254	has_profession	waiter
user10255	has_hobby	couponing
user10255	misc_attribute	organized
user10255	want_job	artist
user10255	like_general	saving money
user10255	like_activity	shopping
user10256	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user10256	school_status	did not graduate
user10257	like_sports	swimming
user10257	favorite_show	the voice
user10257	physical_attribute	tall
user10257	like_read	<blank>
user10258	like_food	food with no animal product
user10258	employed_by_general	retailer
user10258	like_goto	0 library
user10258	physical_attribute	red hair
user10258	live_in_general	coast
user10259	live_in_general	with parents
user10259	has_hobby	video games
user10259	has_age	32
user10259	like_food	take out
user10260	job_status	employed
user10260	employed_by_company	facebook
user10260	has_profession	programmer
user10260	like_activity	donate time
user10260	have_pet	2 dog
user10261	has_hobby	hiking
user10261	has_profession	cook
user10261	have	terrible singing voice
user10261	has_hobby	writing
user10261	like_general	grateful dead
user10262	like_food	chicken
user10262	employed_by_general	hotel
user10262	like_animal	animals
user10262	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user10263	like_general	strangers
user10263	favorite_animal	monkey
user10263	has_ability	throwing parties
user10263	want_do	<blank>
user10264	like_music	classical
user10264	like_general	my work
user10264	like_sports	golf
user10264	marital_status	married
user10264	employed_by_general	<blank>
user10265	physical_attribute	thin
user10265	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user10265	place_origin	baltimore
user10266	have_chidren	children
user10266	misc_attribute	organized
user10266	favorite_show	face off
user10266	like_activity	cooking
user10267	like_food	taco
user10267	school_status	graduated
user10267	favorite_season	summer
user10267	attend_school	university of michigan
user10268	have_vehicle	car
user10268	want_job	entrepreneur
user10268	like_sports	fan
user10268	like_activity	hanging out
user10269	like_food	lasagna
user10269	want_job	astronaut
user10269	have_vehicle	car
user10269	have_pet	2 dog
user10270	employed_by_general	fast food
user10270	has_hobby	walking
user10270	have	something purple
user10270	want	educated
user10271	like_drink	coffee
user10271	have_sibling	twin sister
user10271	has_hobby	yoga
user10271	has_profession	teacher
user10271	like_food	chocolate
user10272	has_ability	4 speak language
user10272	have_chidren	son
user10272	has_profession	plumber
user10272	other	award winning 4h member
user10272	has_ability	impersonations
user10273	marital_status	married
user10273	has_profession	nurse
user10273	other	childhood
user10273	has_profession	baker
user10274	have	boyfriend
user10274	has_ability	play instrument
user10274	favorite_color	yellow
user10274	physical_attribute	short hair
user10275	job_status	employed
user10275	has_hobby	baseball
user10275	marital_status	engaged
user10275	like_watching	south park
user10276	school_status	graduated
user10276	like_food	sushi
user10276	like_activity	shopping
user10276	like_animal	dog
user10277	like_general	pens
user10277	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user10277	want_do	make more money
user10277	has_hobby	writing
user10278	like_sports	hockey
user10278	like_food	sugar
user10278	like_activity	rollerblading
user10278	other	am caucasian
user10278	want_do	eating
user10279	job_status	employed
user10279	dislike	sleeping in
user10279	has_profession	trainer
user10279	want	know
user10280	misc_attribute	social
user10280	attend_school	university
user10280	misc_attribute	healthy
user10280	has_hobby	exercise
user10280	like_sports	football
user10281	has_profession	programmer
user10281	like_watching	netflix
user10281	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user10282	like_music	the rolling stones
user10282	want_do	retire
user10282	physical_attribute	tall
user10282	job_status	not a basketball player
user10282	employed_by_company	ibm
user10283	like_general	fashion designers
user10283	like_general	fashion
user10283	like_activity	shopping
user10283	attend_school	university
user10283	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10284	has_profession	youtuber
user10284	have_vehicle	car
user10284	have_pet	cat
user10284	has_ability	make videos
user10285	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10285	have	0 traveled.
user10285	employed_by_general	dog walker
user10286	has_hobby	cooking
user10286	misc_attribute	talent
user10286	misc_attribute	persistent
user10286	like_activity	cooking
user10287	misc_attribute	religious
user10287	have	0 dates
user10287	have_pet	2 dog
user10287	like_activity	reading
user10288	like_watching	horror
user10288	other	allergies
user10288	has_ability	play instrument
user10288	member_of	community center
user10288	physical_attribute	short hair
user10289	has_hobby	martial arts
user10289	has_age	10
user10289	has_profession	safety patrol
user10289	like_read	harry potter
user10290	dislike	flowers
user10290	has_ability	making clothing
user10290	has_ability	play instrument
user10290	physical_attribute	going bald
user10290	like_general	jimmy fallon
user10291	like_activity	cycling
user10291	like_music	<blank>
user10291	other	vegan
user10291	like_music	guitar
user10291	like_activity	skateboarding
user10292	dislike	country
user10292	has_hobby	volunteering
user10292	has_hobby	dancing
user10292	other	terrible speller
user10292	physical_attribute	blonde
user10293	has_degree	masters
user10293	gender	female
user10293	favorite_color	purple
user10293	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user10294	like_general	blue
user10294	want_job	explorer
user10294	like_goto	india
user10294	has_profession	athlete
user10294	dislike	job
user10295	<blank>	<blank>
user10295	like_watching	comedy
user10295	has_hobby	tennis
user10296	has_profession	teacher
user10296	school_status	2016 graduated
user10296	has_hobby	kayaking
user10296	teach	kindergarten
user10297	like_activity	swimming
user10297	favorite_color	green
user10298	job_status	employed
user10298	has_hobby	writing
user10298	dislike	sleeping in
user10298	want	know
user10299	like_read	books
user10299	school_status	student
user10299	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user10299	like_read	1984
user10299	attend_school	university
user10300	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user10300	want_do	fix
user10300	have_vehicle	junk
user10300	like_general	vinyl records
user10301	like_read	twilight
user10301	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user10301	has_hobby	surfing
user10301	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user10302	favorite_activity	fishing
user10302	has_ability	running
user10302	favorite_activity	float the river
user10303	like_music	the rolling stones
user10303	like_drink	soda
user10303	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user10303	have_chidren	3 children
user10303	marital_status	married
user10304	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user10304	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user10304	favorite_book	science fiction
user10304	like_read	fiction
user10305	has_profession	manager
user10305	misc_attribute	lose control
user10305	dislike	boss
user10306	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user10306	like_activity	cooking
user10306	has_profession	cleaner
user10306	marital_status	married
user10307	has_profession	engineer
user10307	like_activity	dancing
user10307	has_hobby	traveling
user10307	has_profession	technician
user10308	has_hobby	writing
user10308	has_profession	mall cop
user10308	like_animal	dog
user10308	want	corvette
user10308	marital_status	divorced
user10309	marital_status	engaged
user10309	marital_status	engaged
user10309	marital_status	engaged
user10310	employed_by_company	target
user10310	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user10310	have_pet	dog
user10310	physical_attribute	7"
user10310	like_goto	movie theater
user10311	has_ability	fly airplane
user10311	like_general	tool
user10311	employed_by_general	army
user10311	like_activity	building computers
user10312	attend_school	graduate school
user10312	other	hindu
user10312	marital_status	divorced
user10313	school_status	student
user10313	favorite_food	taco
user10313	like_activity	drawing
user10313	place_origin	france
user10314	like_music	country
user10314	like_food	meat
user10314	like_watching	sport
user10314	have_vehicle	truck
user10314	like_activity	hunting
user10315	have_pet	3 dog
user10315	like_general	blue
user10315	like_read	horror
user10315	has_profession	accountant
user10315	like_goto	the lake
user10316	have	green nails
user10316	has_degree	masters
user10316	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user10317	like_music	elvis
user10317	physical_attribute	blue hair
user10317	own	blue shoes
user10317	have_vehicle	car
user10317	like_general	the color blue
user10318	like_general	sunshine
user10318	misc_attribute	confused
user10318	like_animal	dragon
user10318	have_family	grandchild
user10319	like_activity	shopping
user10319	favorite_hobby	knitting
user10319	have_pet	cat
user10319	employed_by_general	office
user10319	have	2 tattoos
user10320	has_profession	design video games
user10320	has_profession	designer
user10320	job_status	unemployed
user10321	other	parents are teachers
user10321	have_pet	2 cat
user10321	like_goto	local animal shelter
user10321	have_chidren	2 children
user10322	like_general	things
user10322	like_music	jazz
user10322	like_general	dolls
user10322	misc_attribute	romantic
user10322	like_general	antiques
user10323	school_status	graduated
user10323	like_music	linkin park
user10323	other	was diagnosed with autism
user10323	misc_attribute	quiet
user10323	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user10324	want_job	teacher
user10324	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user10324	attend_school	university
user10325	have_chidren	3 children
user10325	has_hobby	martial arts
user10325	has_profession	scientist
user10325	want	go to mars
user10326	has_profession	teacher
user10326	have_pet	dog
user10326	like_music	pretenders
user10326	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user10327	marital_status	married
user10327	previous_profession	slave
user10327	has_profession	carpenter
user10327	like_general	red
user10328	like_music	van halen
user10328	has_hobby	fashion
user10328	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user10328	want_job	doctor
user10329	has_profession	chef
user10329	like_activity	baking
user10329	like_activity	traveling
user10329	<blank>	<blank>
user10330	have_pet	2 <blank>
user10330	marital_status	married
user10330	has_age	30
user10330	have_chidren	2 children
user10331	like_activity	drawing
user10331	like_general	people
user10331	like_drink	tea
user10331	like_food	egg
user10332	like_watching	comedy
user10332	favorite_color	green
user10332	<blank>	<blank>
user10333	dislike	seafood
user10333	like_activity	hunting
user10333	like_general	blue
user10333	place_origin	deep south
user10334	like_music	techno
user10334	like_general	anime
user10334	own	band tees
user10335	has_degree	bachelors
user10335	have_pet	dog
user10335	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user10335	has_profession	teacher
user10336	have_chidren	2 children
user10336	has_hobby	baseball
user10336	has_profession	doctor
user10337	job_status	work all the time
user10337	have_vehicle	car
user10338	other	8 grandchildren
user10338	physical_attribute	attractive
user10338	own	wear glasses
user10338	job_status	retired
user10339	other	am lesbian
user10339	has_profession	baker
user10339	like_animal	cat
user10339	physical_attribute	overweight
user10340	like_sports	running
user10340	favorite_music_artist	creed
user10340	other	carnivore
user10340	have	welfare
user10341	want_do	raise hell
user10341	school_status	student
user10341	school_status	student
user10341	has_age	17
user10341	misc_attribute	sheltered
user10342	has_hobby	soccer
user10342	misc_attribute	team player
user10342	favorite	nike cleats
user10342	other	42 number is
user10342	has_hobby	goalie
user10343	like_food	strawberry
user10343	like_goto	beach
user10343	have_pet	2 cat
user10343	like_food	food with no animal product
user10343	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user10344	misc_attribute	content
user10344	have_pet	dog
user10344	misc_attribute	shy
user10344	like_activity	singing
user10345	want_do	schooling
user10345	want_do	<blank>
user10345	like_watching	netflix
user10345	have_sibling	sister
user10345	want_do	learning
user10346	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user10346	member_of	church
user10346	other	vegan
user10346	misc_attribute	ocd
user10346	teach	children
user10347	have_chidren	child
user10347	like_watching	sport
user10347	favorite_color	orange
user10347	dislike	running
user10348	has_age	20
user10348	like_food	pasta
user10348	employed_by_general	hospital
user10348	has_hobby	1 reading
user10348	school_status	student
user10349	like_food	pork
user10349	like_food	meat
user10349	have	house
user10349	other	vegetarian
user10350	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user10350	other	allergic to cats
user10350	like_activity	manicures
user10351	employed_by_company	amazon
user10351	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user10351	live_in_general	rural
user10351	favorite_activity	robotics
user10352	has_hobby	video games
user10352	like_food	take out
user10352	live_in_general	with parents
user10352	dislike	job
user10353	misc_attribute	responsible
user10353	job_status	unemployed
user10353	like_drink	any drinks
user10353	has_hobby	drinking
user10354	school_status	student
user10354	like_animal	lizard
user10354	own	hair
user10354	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user10355	like_activity	running
user10355	has_ability	swim fast
user10355	favorite_activity	cooking
user10355	own	trophies
user10355	like_activity	singing
user10356	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user10356	other	did not know my dad
user10356	like_activity	driving
user10356	have	3 tattoos
user10357	other	conservative
user10357	live_in_general	rural
user10357	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user10357	favorite_activity	robotics
user10357	employed_by_company	amazon
user10358	have_vehicle	toyota
user10358	favorite	superman
user10358	like_drink	pepsi
user10358	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user10359	like_sports	sports
user10359	employed_by_general	government
user10359	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user10359	like_sports	baseball
user10360	school_status	graduated
user10360	have_chidren	son
user10360	want_job	teacher
user10360	has_profession	finance
user10360	has_ability	play instrument
user10361	have_pet	1 dog
user10361	has_ability	play instrument
user10361	has_ability	play instrument
user10362	physical_attribute	buff
user10362	dislike	vegetables
user10362	physical_attribute	tall
user10362	like_activity	running
user10362	has_age	9
user10363	have_vehicle	car
user10363	like_activity	hanging out
user10363	want_job	entrepreneur
user10363	like_sports	fan
user10364	have	girlfriend
user10364	employed_by_general	bookstore
user10364	live_in_general	city
user10364	physical_attribute	pink hair
user10365	has_hobby	dancing
user10365	attend_school	university
user10365	attend_school	high school
user10366	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user10366	want_job	curator
user10366	has_hobby	painting
user10366	like_drink	coffee
user10366	have	been to new york city
user10367	own	rose garden
user10367	like_drink	coffee
user10367	like_activity	swimming
user10367	have_pet	cat
user10368	like_drink	iced tea
user10368	teach	first grade
user10368	marital_status	married
user10368	has_hobby	shopping
user10369	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user10369	have_pet	2 dog
user10369	want	travel
user10369	favorite_music	rock
user10369	has_profession	farmer
user10370	have_pet	cat
user10370	have_family	grandfather
user10370	like_sports	basketball
user10370	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user10371	like_drink	beer
user10371	like_activity	football
user10371	like_general	it
user10372	want_do	<blank>
user10372	misc_attribute	dishonest
user10372	other	has driven race car
user10372	misc_attribute	physical
user10373	have_pet	horse
user10373	physical_attribute	pregnant
user10373	live_in_general	country
user10374	like_activity	chatting with friends
user10374	like_activity	cooking
user10374	like_general	children
user10374	like_food	<blank>
user10374	like_activity	shopping
user10375	have_pet	dog
user10375	attend_school	university
user10375	have_vehicle	lexus
user10375	dislike	math
user10376	has_profession	doctor
user10376	has_hobby	baseball
user10376	have_chidren	2 children
user10377	member_of	dance team
user10377	like_activity	dance
user10377	attend_school	high school
user10377	like_watching	disney movies
user10378	like_food	large meals
user10378	has_hobby	exercise
user10378	attend_school	university
user10378	like_sports	swimming
user10378	misc_attribute	social
user10379	misc_attribute	exciting
user10379	have_vehicle	convertible
user10379	like_activity	spreading happiness
user10379	like_music	katy perry
user10379	has_profession	lifeguard
user10380	<blank>	<blank>
user10380	favorite_movie	star wars
user10380	like_sports	football
user10380	have_pet	iguana
user10381	other	tom
user10381	other	east asian
user10381	like_food	italian cuisine
user10382	like_activity	hiking
user10382	has_ability	speak language
user10382	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user10382	has_profession	barista
user10383	favorite_music_artist	worn
user10383	own	home
user10383	like_sports	swimming
user10383	favorite_color	purple
user10384	have	pink hair
user10384	has_hobby	fencing
user10384	favorite_hobby	chess
user10384	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user10384	like_drink	mountain dew
user10385	marital_status	single
user10385	has_profession	nurse
user10385	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user10385	own	1 house
user10386	like_sports	swimming
user10386	like_animal	dog
user10386	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user10386	favorite_color	purple
user10387	like_activity	painting
user10387	have_chidren	2 son
user10387	like_goto	wine tours
user10387	like_goto	museum
user10388	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user10388	want	to become male model
user10388	like_music	classical
user10388	other	dieting
user10389	like_animal	dog
user10389	like_food	bagels
user10389	like_drink	coke
user10389	like_activity	baking
user10389	like_activity	running
user10390	want_job	professional eater
user10390	dislike	cleaning
user10390	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user10391	job_status	volunteer
user10391	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user10391	like_music	concerts
user10391	has_profession	librarian
user10391	like_food	italian cuisine
user10392	has_ability	play instrument
user10392	has_hobby	play
user10392	want	to adopt a dog
user10393	other	viking
user10393	like_activity	fishing
user10393	have	beard
user10394	have_sibling	3 sibling
user10394	like_general	blue
user10394	like_activity	drawing
user10394	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user10395	has_hobby	shopping
user10395	marital_status	married
user10395	like_drink	iced tea
user10395	teach	first grade
user10395	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user10396	has_hobby	tabletop games
user10396	own	inhaler
user10396	like_activity	rpg computer games
user10396	live_in_general	a home
user10397	live_in_general	small town
user10397	want_job	nurse
user10397	like_activity	shopping
user10397	attend_school	university
user10398	like_goto	outdoors
user10398	has_age	21
user10398	member_of	other club
user10398	live_in_general	ranch
user10399	favorite	actress
user10399	own	glasses
user10399	like_general	winter
user10399	want	faster computer
user10400	have_vehicle	bicycle
user10400	like_food	french fries
user10400	employed_by_company	del taco
user10400	has_ability	fall up stairs
user10401	have_pet	dog
user10401	employed_by_company	target
user10401	like_goto	movie theater
user10401	physical_attribute	7"
user10402	like_activity	video games
user10402	have_pet	2 cat
user10402	favorite_sport	soccer
user10403	like_activity	shopping
user10403	like_general	the night
user10403	like_activity	basketball
user10403	like_music	perfect playlist
user10404	dislike	holidays
user10404	has_profession	police
user10404	own	guns
user10404	have_vehicle	ford
user10405	want	magic was real
user10405	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user10405	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user10405	like_general	christmas
user10406	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user10406	has_hobby	traveling
user10406	has_hobby	traveling
user10406	like_general	cabins in the woods
user10406	like_activity	swimming
user10407	has_ability	2 speak language
user10407	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user10407	marital_status	married
user10407	like_activity	cooking
user10407	have_chidren	3 children
user10408	have_chidren	5 children
user10408	employed_by_company	computer company
user10408	school_status	student
user10408	like_animal	fish
user10409	job_status	employed
user10409	want_job	aide
user10409	like_music	pink
user10410	favorite	number is 7
user10410	like_general	scratching
user10410	other	deaf man
user10410	dislike	driving
user10411	job_status	employed
user10411	like_activity	cooking
user10411	have_family	husband
user10411	have	girlfriend
user10411	like_activity	singing
user10412	like_read	<blank>
user10412	like_activity	clean
user10412	live_in_general	sister
user10412	misc_attribute	afraid
user10413	marital_status	single
user10413	employed_by_general	newspaper
user10413	like_activity	writing
user10413	favorite_color	grey
user10413	like_activity	yoga
user10414	have	6 shoe size women
user10414	have_pet	1 dog
user10414	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user10414	has_ability	play instrument
user10414	want_job	journalist
user10415	misc_attribute	friendly
user10415	has_hobby	kayaking
user10415	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user10415	want_job	teacher
user10416	like_food	meat
user10416	like_music	country
user10416	like_watching	sport
user10416	like_activity	hunting
user10417	misc_attribute	<blank>
user10417	has_profession	sales
user10417	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user10417	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user10418	marital_status	engaged
user10418	physical_attribute	red hair
user10418	has_hobby	dancing
user10418	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user10419	favorite_show	silicon valley
user10419	have_sibling	2 sister
user10419	has_hobby	tennis
user10419	has_profession	baker
user10420	have_family	grandmother
user10420	favorite_color	red orange
user10420	<blank>	seeking employment
user10420	like_watching	horror
user10420	has_ability	play instrument
user10421	like_watching	british
user10421	previous_profession	programmer
user10421	have	2 grandchildren
user10421	like_animal	animals
user10421	has_age	77
user10422	have	house
user10422	like_food	pork
user10422	like_food	meat
user10423	favorite_place	jamaica
user10423	like_activity	working out
user10423	like_activity	traveling
user10424	have_pet	2 cat
user10424	like_activity	video games
user10424	nationality	canada
user10425	like_food	food with no animal product
user10425	live_in_general	coast
user10425	physical_attribute	red hair
user10425	like_goto	0 library
user10425	employed_by_general	retailer
user10426	has_ability	sleep
user10426	want_do	texting
user10426	favorite_activity	computer time
user10426	like_sports	hockey
user10427	like_music	country
user10427	like_sports	surfing
user10427	previous_profession	clown
user10427	has_profession	reality tv star
user10428	have_pet	cat
user10428	like_sports	basketball
user10428	have_family	grandfather
user10429	school_status	student
user10429	want_job	teacher
user10429	like_sports	football
user10429	place_origin	new york
user10430	have_vehicle	ford
user10430	attend_school	university
user10430	like_sports	football
user10431	like_general	cabins in the woods
user10431	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user10431	has_hobby	traveling
user10431	has_hobby	traveling
user10431	like_activity	swimming
user10432	has_age	21
user10432	have_pet	cat
user10432	school_status	student
user10432	favorite	rose
user10432	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user10433	has_hobby	drawing
user10433	misc_attribute	creative
user10433	like_general	comics
user10434	want	pot bellied pig
user10434	like_read	anne of green gables
user10434	dislike	beauty pageant
user10435	gender	male
user10435	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user10435	own	farm
user10435	have_pet	3 dog
user10436	have_sibling	3 sister
user10436	like_activity	reading
user10436	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user10436	favorite_place	jamaica
user10437	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user10437	like_music	metallica
user10437	attend_school	university
user10437	employed_by_general	grocery store
user10438	like_activity	traveling
user10438	employed_by_general	brewery
user10438	like_drink	32 beer
user10438	marital_status	married
user10439	have_family	mother
user10439	like_activity	playing outside
user10439	have_family	father
user10439	has_age	4
user10440	want_do	<blank>
user10440	have	allergies
user10440	live_in_general	pig farm
user10440	dislike	animals in general
user10440	other	vegetarian
user10441	like_activity	hiking
user10441	has_hobby	writing
user10441	have_pet	dog
user10441	has_profession	advertising executive
user10442	misc_attribute	distant
user10442	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user10442	want	food
user10442	like_general	forest
user10443	school_status	student
user10443	have_chidren	5 children
user10443	like_animal	fish
user10443	employed_by_company	computer company
user10444	has_profession	baker
user10444	has_hobby	tennis
user10444	favorite_show	silicon valley
user10444	have_sibling	2 sister
user10445	other	commutes
user10445	school_status	student
user10445	employed_by_general	library
user10445	have	2 science classes
user10446	like_activity	hiking
user10446	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user10446	has_profession	barista
user10446	has_ability	speak language
user10447	has_age	50
user10447	marital_status	married
user10447	have_chidren	4 children
user10447	have_chidren	children
user10447	like_food	ice cream
user10448	has_ability	impersonations
user10448	has_profession	plumber
user10448	other	award winner
user10448	has_hobby	volunteering
user10448	has_ability	4 speak language
user10449	like_animal	animals
user10449	like_activity	watching
user10449	dislike	watching television
user10449	like_activity	walking
user10450	have	3 thumbs
user10450	has_ability	fast typer
user10450	like_general	color red
user10450	misc_attribute	lively
user10451	other	nancy
user10451	like_general	barbie
user10451	gender	female
user10451	favorite_music	barbie girl
user10451	have_family	only child
user10452	like_food	strawberry
user10452	like_goto	beach
user10452	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user10452	have_pet	2 cat
user10452	like_food	food with no animal product
user10453	has_profession	teacher
user10453	has_degree	bachelors
user10453	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user10453	like_music	pretenders
user10453	have_pet	dog
user10454	other	dieting
user10454	want	to become male model
user10454	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user10454	other	had cancer
user10454	like_music	classical
user10455	like_food	take out
user10455	live_in_general	with parents
user10455	dislike	job
user10455	has_age	32
user10456	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user10456	has_ability	play instrument
user10456	has_hobby	fishing
user10456	has_hobby	working out
user10457	physical_attribute	long nails
user10457	dislike	make up
user10457	favorite_color	orange
user10457	have_vehicle	moped
user10458	own	9 guitars
user10458	like_music	system of a down
user10458	has_ability	play instrument
user10458	other	vegan
user10458	want	play in a local band
user10459	has_profession	welder
user10459	other	gay
user10459	other	carnivore
user10459	like_activity	video games
user10459	has_ability	play instrument
user10460	school_status	graduated
user10460	have_family	mother
user10460	dislike	salad
user10460	have_family	grandmother
user10461	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user10461	like_sports	football
user10461	like_activity	reading
user10462	employed_by_general	bookstore
user10462	like_drink	iced tea
user10462	want_job	author
user10462	has_hobby	writing
user10463	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user10463	has_hobby	yoga
user10463	has_profession	teacher
user10463	has_hobby	volunteer
user10463	marital_status	married
user10464	like_read	autobiographies
user10464	like_goto	gym
user10464	like_music	metallica
user10464	have_pet	cat
user10465	dislike	jokes
user10465	like_general	simple jokes
user10465	like_general	simpler times
user10465	like_watching	the flintstones
user10466	has_hobby	collecting
user10466	physical_attribute	hears voices
user10466	like_food	cakes
user10466	misc_attribute	argumentative
user10466	misc_attribute	lust
user10467	live_in_general	condo
user10467	other	recovering alcoholic
user10467	have	large mustache
user10467	previous_profession	reporter
user10468	want	cool
user10468	misc_attribute	healthy
user10468	like_activity	working out
user10468	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user10469	like_activity	smoking
user10469	marital_status	married
user10469	like_food	eggplant
user10469	own	1 bar
user10470	physical_attribute	athletic
user10470	own	wear contacts
user10470	like_activity	cycling
user10470	like_food	carrots
user10471	have_vehicle	<blank>
user10471	like_read	<blank>
user10471	dislike	traffic
user10471	has_hobby	listens
user10472	favorite_food	nachos
user10472	like_drink	beverage
user10472	dislike	talking to people
user10472	has_hobby	d&d
user10473	like_activity	driving
user10473	<blank>	smoking
user10473	have	10 piercings
user10473	misc_attribute	friendly
user10473	favorite_food	italian
user10474	favorite_music	rock
user10474	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user10474	attend_school	university
user10474	like_sports	skiing
user10474	has_hobby	traveling
user10475	like_activity	working out
user10475	like_sports	soccer
user10475	want	cool
user10475	misc_attribute	healthy
user10475	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user10476	has_age	adult
user10476	member_of	hobby club
user10476	has_hobby	driving
user10476	have	10 tattoos
user10476	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user10477	has_hobby	volunteering
user10477	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user10477	like_activity	sewing
user10477	has_ability	bird calls
user10478	has_hobby	kayaking
user10478	like_activity	running
user10478	like_activity	fly model airplane
user10478	like_food	crab
user10478	like_music	imagine dragons
user10479	has_profession	babysitter
user10479	favorite_color	yellow
user10479	not_have	money
user10479	job_status	unemployed
user10479	like_activity	riding the bus
user10480	like_goto	library
user10480	have_sibling	2 brother
user10480	has_ability	play instrument
user10480	school_status	student
user10480	want_do	produce music
user10481	has_profession	baker
user10481	like_general	katy perry
user10481	like_activity	sewing
user10481	like_activity	hunting
user10482	have_sibling	5 sibling
user10482	has_profession	waitress
user10482	has_hobby	biking
user10482	like_activity	drawing
user10482	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user10483	favorite_activity	float the river
user10483	has_ability	running
user10483	like_food	ice cream
user10484	like_sports	basketball
user10484	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user10484	have_pet	cat
user10485	gender	female
user10485	favorite_food	pasta
user10485	job_status	retired
user10485	live_in_general	rural area
user10486	dislike	cooking
user10486	like_activity	skin care
user10486	employed_by_general	grocery store
user10486	misc_attribute	ambitious
user10487	marital_status	single
user10487	has_age	30
user10487	has_ability	security guard
user10487	job_status	employed
user10488	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user10488	has_hobby	fashion
user10488	want_job	doctor
user10488	like_activity	traveling
user10489	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user10489	favorite	superman
user10489	have_vehicle	toyota
user10489	like_drink	pepsi
user10490	has_ability	speak language
user10490	have_pet	cat
user10490	have	1 blue eye
user10491	dislike	music
user10491	physical_attribute	red hair
user10491	misc_attribute	friendly
user10491	other	nick
user10491	have_vehicle	scooter
user10492	like_goto	antique stores
user10492	have_pet	cat
user10492	favorite_food	subway
user10492	like_goto	starbucks
user10493	like_food	fish
user10493	favorite_book	jane austen
user10493	like_general	shoes
user10493	live_in_general	near the ocean
user10493	have_vehicle	boat
user10494	like_general	desert
user10494	has_degree	0 college
user10494	misc_attribute	above average
user10494	physical_attribute	eyes
user10495	physical_attribute	bald
user10495	like_sports	swimming
user10495	favorite_drink	chocolate
user10495	job_status	unemployed
user10496	favorite_place	american eagle
user10496	like_activity	spending time with family
user10496	has_hobby	running
user10496	dislike	vegetables
user10497	like_general	makeup
user10497	have	nice smile
user10497	like_activity	working out
user10497	misc_attribute	nice
user10498	has_ability	play instrument
user10498	has_ability	making clothing
user10498	like_general	jimmy fallon
user10498	dislike	flowers
user10498	physical_attribute	going bald
user10499	attend_school	high school
user10499	have_chidren	1 child
user10499	own	company
user10499	dislike	work
user10499	has_ability	cheap
user10500	like_activity	surfing
user10500	like_general	snow
user10500	favorite	actor robert denaro
user10500	employed_by_general	hotel
user10501	school_status	student
user10501	like_animal	lizard
user10501	own	hair
user10501	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user10502	misc_attribute	aspergers
user10502	misc_attribute	literal
user10502	job_status	employed
user10502	dislike	small talk
user10503	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user10503	like_activity	working out
user10503	like_activity	collecting rocks
user10503	like_general	huge paintings.
user10504	own	olympic medal
user10504	has_hobby	skydiving
user10504	want	medication
user10504	like_music	queens of the stone age
user10505	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user10505	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user10505	favorite_activity	reading
user10505	like_food	spaghetti
user10506	want	corvette
user10506	has_hobby	writing
user10506	marital_status	divorced
user10506	like_animal	dog
user10507	dislike	fashion
user10507	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user10507	misc_attribute	am happy
user10507	has_profession	waitress
user10508	have_family	mother
user10508	has_hobby	travel
user10508	like_sports	hockey
user10508	attend_school	high school
user10509	like_general	tool
user10509	like_activity	building computers
user10509	attend_school	university
user10509	has_ability	fly airplane
user10509	employed_by_general	army
user10510	have_vehicle	jaguar
user10510	like_goto	bar
user10510	misc_attribute	angry
user10510	gender	male
user10511	have_pet	doberman
user10511	gender	male
user10511	has_profession	mechanic
user10512	has_hobby	couch potato
user10512	like_watching	horror
user10512	dislike	family
user10512	like_food	junk food
user10512	like_general	comics
user10513	like_music	smooth jazz
user10513	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10513	like_general	suits and ties
user10513	employed_by_general	<blank>
user10513	have_pet	dog
user10514	like_read	comics
user10514	like_watching	anime
user10514	has_hobby	reading
user10514	misc_attribute	artistic
user10515	job_status	employed
user10515	physical_attribute	purple hair
user10515	favorite_book	tale of genji
user10516	previous_profession	lawyer
user10516	other	albert
user10516	has_profession	judge
user10516	misc_attribute	fair
user10517	like_goto	museum
user10517	like_goto	wine tours
user10517	have_chidren	2 son
user10518	employed_by_general	restaurant
user10518	has_hobby	cooking
user10519	have_pet	2 dog
user10519	like_food	cake
user10519	has_ability	play instrument
user10519	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user10520	attend_school	university
user10520	like_goto	beach
user10520	like_activity	partying
user10520	employed_by_general	restaurant
user10520	school_status	student
user10521	like_goto	cinema
user10521	own	cape
user10522	have_family	mother
user10522	has_profession	paramedic
user10522	like_music	rap
user10522	like_activity	fishing
user10523	other	carnivore
user10523	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user10523	favorite_movie	good burger
user10523	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user10524	has_age	53
user10524	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user10524	physical_attribute	overweight
user10524	have_chidren	12 kids
user10524	physical_attribute	blonde
user10525	like_general	shoes
user10525	like_activity	laughing
user10526	has_ability	play instrument
user10526	like_general	jimmy fallon
user10526	has_ability	making clothing
user10526	dislike	flowers
user10526	physical_attribute	going bald
user10527	previous_profession	chef
user10527	like_activity	walking
user10527	like_activity	baking
user10527	place_origin	mexico
user10527	have_pet	2 cat
user10528	has_ability	speak language
user10528	physical_attribute	6 tall
user10528	want	to be something else
user10528	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user10529	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user10529	like_general	red
user10529	have_vehicle	prius
user10529	like_activity	dance
user10530	own	band tees
user10530	like_goto	comic-con
user10530	like_general	anime
user10530	like_music	techno
user10531	other	christian
user10531	employed_by_general	<blank>
user10531	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user10531	like_activity	football
user10532	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user10532	like_general	cabins in the woods
user10532	has_hobby	traveling
user10532	has_hobby	traveling
user10533	like_food	cheese
user10533	employed_by_general	factory
user10533	like_watching	ufc fights
user10533	like_activity	travel
user10534	have	green nails
user10534	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user10534	have_pet	skunk
user10535	favorite_activity	gardening
user10535	other	am a widow
user10535	like_drink	coffee
user10536	have	tattoo
user10536	other	vegan
user10536	has_hobby	philosophy
user10536	like_music	concerts
user10537	like_food	home-cooked meals
user10537	favorite_show	fantasy
user10537	like_general	blue
user10538	have_family	2 nephew
user10538	has_profession	veterinarian
user10538	place_origin	farm
user10538	has_hobby	running
user10539	have_chidren	2 son
user10539	like_activity	painting
user10539	like_goto	wine tours
user10539	like_goto	museum
user10540	like_activity	cooking
user10540	favorite_color	green
user10540	like_activity	swimming
user10541	not_have	pet
user10541	like_food	brunch
user10541	have_vehicle	car
user10541	have	car
user10541	has_profession	scout
user10542	like_activity	filming
user10542	dislike	death
user10542	misc_attribute	crazy
user10542	like_activity	making people smile
user10543	has_hobby	gardening
user10543	own	2 laptops
user10543	like_watching	anime
user10543	like_food	chocolate
user10544	misc_attribute	aloof
user10544	dislike	waking up
user10544	have	therapist
user10545	favorite_food	cheesecake
user10545	misc_attribute	bored
user10545	marital_status	married
user10545	own	money
user10546	has_ability	film making
user10546	has_ability	6 tv news
user10546	like_activity	reenactment
user10546	has_hobby	travel
user10547	marital_status	married
user10547	other	childhood
user10547	has_profession	nurse
user10547	has_profession	baker
user10548	want_do	climbing
user10548	like_activity	sculpting
user10548	misc_attribute	sad
user10548	has_hobby	artist
user10548	have	shot lion
user10549	school_status	student
user10549	want_do	soccer
user10549	have_sibling	brother
user10549	like_sports	soccer
user10550	has_profession	businessman
user10550	like_activity	singing
user10550	have_chidren	2 children
user10550	has_hobby	martial arts
user10551	like_activity	swimming
user10551	have_chidren	1 son
user10551	other	epileptic
user10552	job_status	employed
user10552	like_food	blue jello
user10552	have_pet	10 cat
user10552	dislike	asparagus
user10553	like_food	ice cream
user10553	have	0 traveled.
user10553	employed_by_general	dog walker
user10553	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10554	have_chidren	children
user10554	gender	female
user10554	live_in_general	rural area
user10555	has_hobby	fishing
user10555	misc_attribute	moral
user10556	like_food	macaroni
user10556	has_profession	car maker
user10556	like_sports	water ski
user10556	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user10557	like_general	attention
user10557	misc_attribute	clown
user10557	like_general	close friends
user10557	other	orphan
user10557	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user10558	have	boots
user10558	like_activity	fishing
user10558	favorite_season	spring
user10558	dislike	losing
user10559	attend_school	dental
user10559	have	1 rose tattoo
user10559	employed_by_general	clinic
user10559	like_general	silver
user10559	have	tattoos
user10560	has_profession	attorney
user10560	physical_attribute	buff
user10560	like_watching	comedy
user10560	have	beard
user10560	like_activity	fashion
user10561	want_do	botox
user10561	attend_school	university
user10561	job_status	unemployed
user10561	misc_attribute	flashy
user10562	employed_by_company	scrubway
user10562	misc_attribute	optimistic
user10562	attend_school	university
user10562	want_do	video games
user10563	has_hobby	hiking
user10563	other	has not left country
user10563	other	<blank>
user10563	have_sibling	3 sibling
user10563	job_status	employed
user10564	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user10564	has_hobby	biking
user10564	like_activity	drawing
user10564	has_profession	waitress
user10564	have_sibling	5 sibling
user10565	member_of	city council
user10565	have_pet	10 alpacas
user10565	own	home
user10565	like_activity	outdoors
user10566	like_food	fish
user10566	like_music	marduk
user10566	like_activity	hiking
user10566	dislike	losing things
user10566	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user10567	want_job	actor
user10567	school_status	student
user10567	like_general	love
user10567	has_hobby	community theater
user10567	other	parents are doctors
user10568	physical_attribute	pink hair
user10568	employed_by_general	bookstore
user10568	live_in_general	city
user10569	want_do	move
user10569	have_pet	2 dog
user10569	has_hobby	hiking
user10569	has_profession	artist
user10569	has_ability	speak language
user10570	has_hobby	video games
user10570	physical_attribute	overweight
user10570	like_animal	cat
user10570	have_family	husband
user10570	has_profession	baker
user10571	favorite_music	metal
user10571	other	3 allergies
user10571	like_activity	watching television
user10572	has_profession	designer
user10572	has_profession	design video games
user10572	job_status	unemployed
user10573	like_sports	cycling
user10573	have_pet	dog
user10573	gender	male
user10573	like_activity	football
user10573	physical_attribute	beard
user10574	own	salon
user10574	has_profession	hairdresser
user10574	live_in_general	boat
user10574	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user10575	other	beard
user10575	physical_attribute	short
user10575	have_family	8 brother
user10576	has_profession	business man
user10576	own	mansion
user10576	dislike	school
user10576	has_ability	300 speak language
user10576	want	parents
user10577	<blank>	<blank>
user10577	other	"dont believe in love"
user10577	has_hobby	shopping
user10577	has_profession	author
user10577	live_in_general	alone
user10578	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user10578	have_pet	2 dog
user10578	like_activity	cooking
user10578	have	2 roommates
user10578	dislike	clowns
user10579	marital_status	married
user10579	misc_attribute	1 religious
user10579	favorite_book	the bible
user10579	gender	male
user10579	has_hobby	traveling
user10580	misc_attribute	tired
user10580	like_activity	cleaning
user10580	has_hobby	watching movies
user10580	have_chidren	children
user10580	like_food	fast food
user10581	misc_attribute	shy
user10581	misc_attribute	content
user10581	have_pet	dog
user10582	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user10582	like_drink	coffee
user10582	like_music	lindsey stirling
user10582	like_food	meatloaf
user10582	own	2 packs
user10583	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user10583	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user10583	misc_attribute	make things right
user10583	misc_attribute	<blank>
user10583	has_profession	sales
user10584	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user10584	employed_by_general	grocery store
user10584	like_food	food with no animal product
user10584	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user10585	job_status	volunteer
user10585	marital_status	20 married
user10585	like_activity	traveling
user10585	previous_profession	veteran
user10586	want_job	singer
user10586	like_sports	tennis
user10586	favorite_color	green
user10586	like_animal	animals
user10587	like_goto	concerts
user10587	has_hobby	swimming
user10587	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user10587	like_general	blue
user10588	like_food	shrimp
user10588	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user10588	has_hobby	gambling
user10589	like_general	boots
user10589	have	many girlfriends
user10589	like_food	beef
user10589	has_hobby	horseback riding
user10590	other	vegetarian
user10590	other	catholic
user10590	job_status	employed
user10590	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user10590	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user10591	want_do	travel
user10591	want_do	<blank>
user10591	has_ability	playing pool
user10591	teach	arts
user10591	like_animal	unicorns
user10592	like_food	green tea
user10592	has_profession	author
user10592	like_activity	writing
user10592	like_watching	mystery
user10592	<blank>	<blank>
user10593	like_animal	<blank>
user10593	attend_school	homeschool
user10593	dislike	people
user10593	has_ability	scream
user10593	misc_attribute	artistic
user10594	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user10594	like_activity	drawing
user10594	have_sibling	3 sibling
user10594	like_general	blue
user10595	have	garden
user10595	like_activity	swimming
user10595	like_activity	baking
user10595	has_hobby	sewing
user10596	have_family	mother
user10596	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user10596	favorite_food	spaghetti
user10596	have	boyfriend
user10597	like_goto	the lake
user10597	like_read	horror
user10597	has_profession	accountant
user10597	like_general	blue
user10598	like_food	pumpkins
user10598	have_pet	dog
user10598	like_activity	watching videos
user10598	favorite_food	shrimp
user10598	favorite	third-party softtware
user10599	like_general	rain
user10599	have	single bed
user10599	have_vehicle	van
user10599	like_general	winter
user10600	like_food	shrimp
user10600	has_hobby	gambling
user10600	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user10600	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user10601	has_profession	technician
user10601	like_activity	dancing
user10601	has_hobby	traveling
user10602	have_pet	2 dog
user10602	favorite_drink	red wine
user10602	have_chidren	1 child
user10602	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user10603	like_read	crime
user10603	have_pet	2 dog
user10603	has_profession	receptionist
user10603	like_general	brothers
user10603	favorite_place	disney world
user10604	like_food	candy
user10604	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user10604	physical_attribute	overweight
user10604	like_movie	godfather
user10604	gender	male
user10605	has_hobby	video games
user10605	like_goto	park
user10605	like_sports	running
user10605	job_status	employed
user10606	has_hobby	boat making
user10606	like_activity	fishing
user10606	live_in_general	island
user10607	like_watching	western
user10607	have_chidren	2 children
user10607	want_do	travel
user10607	has_profession	yoga instruction
user10608	want	to adopt a dog
user10608	has_ability	play instrument
user10608	has_hobby	play
user10609	like_activity	traveling
user10609	has_hobby	environmentalist
user10609	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user10609	like_activity	hiking
user10609	like_activity	mountain biking
user10610	has_profession	salesman
user10610	have	condo
user10610	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user10610	like_activity	cycling
user10610	like_general	blue
user10611	live_in_general	island
user10611	like_activity	fishing
user10611	has_hobby	boat making
user10611	have_pet	dog
user10611	has_ability	cannibal
user10612	like_music	imagine dragons
user10612	like_food	crab
user10612	like_activity	fly model airplane
user10612	like_activity	running
user10613	have	1 shoes
user10613	physical_attribute	allergic
user10613	favorite	eat at restaurant
user10614	has_hobby	running
user10614	like_food	spicy
user10614	want_do	buy
user10614	physical_attribute	long hair
user10614	previous_profession	movie theater
user10615	like_activity	clean
user10615	have_family	uncle
user10615	like_read	<blank>
user10615	misc_attribute	afraid
user10615	live_in_general	sister
user10616	have_pet	3 dog
user10616	have_chidren	2 children
user10616	have_vehicle	suv
user10616	have	vacation home
user10617	school_status	graduated
user10617	own	truck
user10617	like_music	rap
user10617	live_in_general	farm
user10618	misc_attribute	make things right
user10618	like_activity	making clients happy
user10618	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user10618	has_profession	sales
user10618	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user10619	other	allergies
user10619	has_hobby	blogging
user10619	have_family	mother
user10619	like_general	line drying clothing
user10619	want	ferret
user10620	other	feet smell
user10620	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user10620	physical_attribute	blonde
user10620	like_general	money
user10621	have_pet	2 dog
user10621	other	ketogenic
user10621	like_movie	<blank>
user10621	employed_by_general	circus
user10622	like_general	lumberjacking
user10622	like_food	pancakes
user10622	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user10622	own	large ax
user10622	has_hobby	fishing
user10623	marital_status	single
user10623	like_activity	painting
user10623	favorite_season	spring
user10623	has_profession	graphic designer
user10624	have_pet	dog
user10624	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user10624	misc_attribute	colorful
user10625	like_general	impala
user10625	like_activity	fishing
user10625	like_music	classic
user10625	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user10626	like_activity	0 thinking
user10626	have_sibling	sibling
user10626	has_ability	math
user10626	like_general	computers
user10627	like_goto	india
user10627	has_profession	athlete
user10627	want_job	explorer
user10627	dislike	job
user10627	like_general	blue
user10628	like_food	chicken
user10628	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user10628	employed_by_general	hotel
user10628	like_activity	reading
user10628	like_animal	animals
user10629	like_activity	travel
user10629	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user10629	like_animal	dog
user10629	have_sibling	1 sister
user10629	place_origin	san francisco
user10630	like_activity	filming
user10630	like_activity	making people smile
user10630	misc_attribute	crazy
user10630	dislike	death
user10630	has_ability	bad lying
user10631	want_job	casino manager
user10631	has_degree	statistics
user10631	has_ability	card countin
user10632	gender	female
user10632	favorite_music	barbie girl
user10632	have_family	only child
user10633	other	parents are doctors
user10633	like_general	love
user10633	has_hobby	community theater
user10633	school_status	student
user10634	like_read	<blank>
user10634	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user10634	have_chidren	4 children
user10635	gender	female
user10635	have_chidren	children
user10635	live_in_general	rural area
user10636	misc_attribute	quick
user10636	like_general	food trucks
user10636	own	car
user10637	has_hobby	horseback riding
user10637	have_family	only child
user10637	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user10637	have_family	adopted
user10638	have	red purse
user10638	like_general	red shoes
user10638	<blank>	<blank>
user10638	have_vehicle	car
user10639	like_watching	reality tv
user10639	previous_profession	farmer
user10639	want_do	move
user10639	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user10639	previous_profession	farmer
user10640	have_chidren	children
user10640	marital_status	not married
user10640	has_hobby	hunting
user10640	like_activity	singing
user10641	misc_attribute	vain
user10641	like_activity	cooking
user10641	physical_attribute	curly hair
user10641	like_activity	drawing
user10642	have_family	parents
user10642	attend_school	in a year
user10642	has_age	18
user10642	want	any car
user10643	like_animal	fish
user10643	has_profession	driver
user10643	have_chidren	4 daughter
user10643	like_activity	board games
user10644	school_status	student
user10644	physical_attribute	short
user10644	like_watching	stars
user10644	has_hobby	pet
user10645	like_food	meat
user10645	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user10645	have	girlfriend
user10645	other	veteran
user10646	misc_attribute	smart
user10646	have_pet	dog
user10647	has_hobby	skateboarding
user10647	like_food	candy
user10647	have	crush
user10647	attend_school	university
user10648	employed_by_general	retailer
user10648	like_music	10 concerts
user10648	like_music	any
user10648	like_music	madonna
user10649	marital_status	married
user10649	has_profession	yoga instruction
user10649	misc_attribute	distant
user10650	has_profession	designer
user10650	has_profession	design video games
user10650	job_status	unemployed
user10651	favorite	costco
user10651	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user10651	has_profession	salesman
user10651	has_hobby	cloud watching
user10651	misc_attribute	shy
user10652	has_profession	athlete
user10652	has_hobby	working out
user10652	physical_attribute	buff
user10652	has_hobby	weight lifting
user10653	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user10653	like_goto	farmers market
user10653	employed_by_general	university
user10653	has_ability	play instrument
user10654	like_music	pretenders
user10654	has_profession	teacher
user10654	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user10654	have_pet	dog
user10654	has_degree	bachelors
user10655	like_general	being outside
user10655	like_activity	swimming
user10655	like_general	pink
user10655	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user10656	own	mansion
user10656	has_profession	rapper
user10656	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user10656	have_vehicle	ferrari
user10657	misc_attribute	argumentative
user10657	physical_attribute	hears voices
user10657	misc_attribute	lust
user10657	has_hobby	collecting
user10658	favorite_color	red
user10658	like_general	place
user10658	want_do	travel
user10658	have_pet	2 dog
user10658	other	wild child
user10659	like_music	britney spears
user10659	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user10659	like_watching	surgery
user10659	like_activity	traveling
user10659	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user10660	other	<blank>
user10660	has_age	8
user10660	favorite	superman
user10660	want_job	superhero
user10661	like_watching	horror
user10661	has_ability	play instrument
user10661	other	allergies
user10661	member_of	community center
user10662	like_activity	card game
user10662	have_pet	4 pet
user10662	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user10662	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user10662	favorite_food	jello
user10663	like_watching	the flintstones
user10663	like_general	simple jokes
user10663	dislike	jokes
user10663	like_general	simpler times
user10664	have_vehicle	truck
user10664	like_activity	hunting
user10664	like_watching	sport
user10664	like_food	meat
user10665	dislike	punching clocks
user10665	previous_profession	telemarketer
user10665	have	money
user10665	has_hobby	gambling
user10666	own	universe
user10666	has_profession	dental assistant
user10666	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user10666	like_activity	clubbing
user10667	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user10667	has_profession	party planning
user10667	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user10668	employed_by_company	amazon
user10668	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user10668	favorite_activity	robotics
user10668	live_in_general	rural
user10668	other	conservative
user10669	has_ability	film making
user10669	has_ability	6 tv news
user10669	has_hobby	travel
user10669	like_activity	reenactment
user10670	like_activity	shopping
user10670	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user10670	have_chidren	children
user10670	has_profession	blogger
user10670	has_hobby	cheerleading
user10671	like_activity	manicures
user10671	have_chidren	son
user10671	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user10672	other	was on the news
user10672	have	passport
user10672	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user10673	has_hobby	building furniture
user10673	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user10673	job_status	employed
user10674	like_animal	dog
user10674	like_food	pizza
user10674	has_hobby	traveling
user10674	has_hobby	cooking
user10674	place_origin	beach
user10675	other	no accent
user10675	own	motorcycle
user10675	attend_school	university
user10675	attend_school	high school
user10676	other	partially blind
user10676	has_ability	bird calls
user10676	has_hobby	volunteering
user10676	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user10676	like_activity	sewing
user10677	have	photo
user10677	dislike	waiting in line
user10677	like_music	justin bieber
user10677	own	5 pairs of same pants
user10678	other	vegetarian
user10678	previous_profession	marine
user10678	has_profession	bartender
user10678	like_activity	writing
user10679	like_read	in a series
user10679	like_general	to chat with my friends
user10679	like_activity	driving
user10679	like_goto	restaurant
user10679	like_goto	movie theater
user10680	misc_attribute	flashy
user10680	want_do	botox
user10680	job_status	unemployed
user10681	has_profession	salesman
user10681	misc_attribute	religious
user10681	has_profession	fitness guru
user10681	has_age	53
user10682	like_music	kurt cobain
user10682	like_activity	fashion
user10682	have	"drivers license"
user10683	misc_attribute	talkative
user10683	have	braces
user10683	has_hobby	drawing
user10684	has_ability	bird calls
user10684	other	partially blind
user10684	has_hobby	volunteering
user10684	like_activity	sewing
user10685	has_hobby	environmentalist
user10685	like_activity	hiking
user10685	like_activity	traveling
user10685	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user10686	like_sports	bicycling
user10686	have	personal trainer
user10686	like_general	religion
user10686	have_pet	3 dog
user10687	has_age	35
user10687	misc_attribute	accent
user10687	has_profession	teacher
user10687	teach	japanese and drawing
user10688	job_status	employed
user10688	have	"dont have children"
user10688	like_activity	shopping
user10688	has_hobby	yoga
user10688	like_goto	pool
user10689	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user10689	other	feet smell
user10689	physical_attribute	blonde
user10689	like_general	money
user10690	have	friend
user10690	want	money
user10690	school_status	student
user10690	want_do	move out
user10691	like_activity	art projects
user10691	gender	female
user10691	like_general	family
user10691	marital_status	married
user10691	like_activity	traveling
user10692	favorite_food	italian
user10692	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user10692	has_profession	programmer
user10693	like_general	audiobookms
user10693	like_goto	water
user10693	have_family	mother
user10693	like_general	cartoons
user10693	live_in_general	away from parents
user10694	like_watching	stars
user10694	physical_attribute	short
user10694	want	porsche
user10694	has_hobby	pet
user10695	have_family	sibling
user10695	physical_attribute	pink hair
user10695	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user10695	other	allergic to bees
user10696	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user10696	physical_attribute	overweight
user10696	has_profession	designer
user10696	like_general	lamp
user10696	physical_attribute	tall
user10697	has_profession	party planning
user10697	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user10697	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user10698	misc_attribute	family man
user10698	have_family	<blank>
user10698	marital_status	married
user10698	has_profession	pediatrician
user10699	<blank>	<blank>
user10699	live_in_general	suburbs
user10699	has_profession	teacher
user10699	school_status	graduated
user10700	has_profession	teacher
user10700	school_status	2016 graduated
user10700	teach	kindergarten
user10700	has_hobby	kayaking
user10701	physical_attribute	tall
user10701	has_profession	scientist
user10701	like_music	the beatles
user10701	has_hobby	gymnastics
user10702	has_profession	teacher
user10702	other	mother
user10702	have_chidren	2 children
user10703	have_vehicle	ford
user10703	has_ability	play instrument
user10703	have	name
user10703	has_age	25
user10703	attend_school	university
user10704	like_food	wings
user10704	have_chidren	3 children
user10704	has_profession	truck driver
user10704	place_origin	trailer park
user10705	have_pet	lizard
user10705	like_activity	walking
user10705	<blank>	<blank>
user10705	like_activity	cooking
user10706	other	vegan
user10706	has_hobby	hiking
user10706	favorite	bob ross
user10706	has_profession	accountant
user10707	have	a few friends
user10707	like_activity	sewing
user10707	has_profession	baker
user10707	like_activity	hunting
user10708	like_activity	hiking
user10708	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user10708	live_in_general	alone
user10708	have_family	<blank>
user10708	dislike	formal situations
user10709	physical_attribute	hair is black
user10709	like_activity	rock climbing
user10709	has_profession	writer
user10709	like_food	gluten free
user10710	other	dieting
user10710	want_job	veterinarian
user10710	like_animal	<blank>
user10710	like_goto	gym
user10711	like_music	bob marley
user10711	has_profession	manager
user10711	dislike	boss
user10711	misc_attribute	lose control
user10712	dislike	clowns
user10712	have_pet	2 dog
user10712	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user10712	have	2 roommates
user10712	like_activity	cooking
user10713	live_in_general	alone
user10713	like_activity	fishing
user10713	favorite_food	hamburger
user10713	has_profession	mechanic
user10714	like_goto	broadway shows
user10714	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user10714	like_sports	steelers
user10714	has_hobby	traveling
user10714	attend_school	university
user10715	want	happy
user10715	want	procedures
user10715	like_general	her
user10715	like_activity	dressing up
user10716	physical_attribute	asthma
user10716	like_activity	running
user10716	like_sports	hockey
user10716	physical_attribute	tall
user10716	like_activity	dance
user10717	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user10717	want_do	video games
user10717	have_sibling	sibling
user10717	like_activity	staying up late
user10717	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user10718	job_status	employed
user10718	like_activity	travel
user10718	like_animal	cat
user10718	favorite_color	green
user10719	like_read	books
user10719	want_do	traveling
user10719	dislike	hot weather
user10719	dislike	country
user10720	physical_attribute	sick
user10720	have_chidren	3 children
user10720	has_age	21
user10720	have_chidren	twins
user10721	like_activity	shopping
user10721	favorite_food	french fries
user10722	like_general	nature
user10722	like_general	blue
user10722	like_activity	hiking
user10722	like_general	eating out
user10723	have_chidren	2 children
user10723	has_profession	teacher
user10723	other	mother
user10723	have_pet	2 dog
user10724	like_music	all genres
user10724	<blank>	<blank>
user10724	like_activity	drawing
user10724	have_chidren	5 children
user10724	<blank>	<blank>
user10725	has_ability	read foreign language
user10725	school_status	dropped out
user10725	like_activity	reading
user10725	has_ability	read
user10726	dislike	job
user10726	live_in_general	with parents
user10726	has_hobby	video games
user10726	like_food	take out
user10726	has_age	32
user10727	has_profession	teacher
user10727	like_goto	thrift shops
user10727	like_activity	fashion
user10727	like_activity	sewing
user10728	like_sports	<blank>
user10728	have	been in two car crashes
user10728	like_drink	water
user10728	like_activity	watching television
user10728	attend_school	university
user10729	physical_attribute	sick
user10729	have_chidren	3 children
user10729	physical_attribute	pregnant
user10729	has_age	21
user10729	have_chidren	twins
user10730	have_family	<blank>
user10730	live_in_general	alone
user10730	dislike	formal situations
user10730	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user10731	have_sibling	3 sibling
user10731	has_hobby	hiking
user10731	job_status	employed
user10731	other	has not left country
user10731	other	<blank>
user10732	attend_school	high school
user10732	like_activity	watching television
user10732	like_activity	music
user10732	like_general	mother
user10732	misc_attribute	organized
user10733	want_job	author
user10733	dislike	career
user10733	job_status	unemployed
user10733	has_profession	translator
user10733	has_hobby	writing
user10734	school_status	student
user10734	school_status	student
user10734	has_age	17
user10734	want_do	raise hell
user10735	employed_by_general	<blank>
user10735	have	tattoos
user10735	school_status	student
user10735	have	1 rose tattoo
user10736	has_profession	babysitter
user10736	favorite_color	yellow
user10736	job_status	unemployed
user10736	like_activity	riding the bus
user10736	not_have	money
user10737	have	4 visited mexico
user10737	dislike	mexican food
user10737	like_activity	skiing
user10737	like_food	cheetos
user10738	has_profession	artist
user10738	like_watching	game of thrones
user10738	have_chidren	4 children
user10738	like_activity	walking
user10738	have_pet	cat
user10739	want	something interesting
user10739	like_music	strange music
user10739	want	live in iceland
user10739	like_general	cold winters
user10739	want	to be able to write in cursive
user10740	like_activity	video games
user10740	have_pet	2 cat
user10740	like_general	exclamation marks
user10740	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user10741	employed_by_company	scrubway
user10741	want_do	video games
user10741	attend_school	university
user10741	misc_attribute	optimistic
user10741	like_music	country
user10742	have	long fingers
user10742	other	am dumpy
user10742	physical_attribute	long legs
user10742	dislike	shrimp
user10742	like_general	skeleton
user10743	job_status	employed
user10743	misc_attribute	literal
user10743	dislike	small talk
user10743	misc_attribute	smart
user10743	misc_attribute	aspergers
user10744	like_general	money
user10744	other	feet smell
user10744	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user10744	physical_attribute	blonde
user10745	like_read	comics
user10745	has_age	8
user10745	favorite	superman
user10745	want_job	superhero
user10745	other	<blank>
user10746	own	cape
user10746	like_activity	it
user10747	employed_by_general	doctors office
user10747	like_read	<blank>
user10747	like_animal	dog
user10747	favorite	flower is a lily
user10748	has_ability	play instrument
user10748	place_origin	georgia
user10748	like_food	chocolate
user10748	want_do	have kids
user10749	favorite	rose
user10749	place_origin	texas
user10749	like_activity	horseback riding
user10749	like_activity	baking
user10750	misc_attribute	religious
user10750	misc_attribute	weak
user10750	misc_attribute	religious
user10751	employed_by_company	army rangers
user10751	misc_attribute	brave
user10751	like_general	deployment
user10751	want_job	army
user10751	marital_status	married
user10752	attend_school	high school
user10752	like_watching	disney movies
user10752	like_activity	dance
user10752	member_of	dance team
user10753	like_general	red
user10753	like_activity	travel
user10753	like_general	headsets
user10753	have_family	parents
user10753	own	phone
user10754	job_status	seeking employment
user10754	like_music	yo gotti
user10754	like_watching	drama
user10754	school_status	student
user10755	other	parents are teachers
user10755	has_hobby	hunting
user10755	have_chidren	2 children
user10755	have_pet	2 cat
user10756	have	50000 subscribers
user10756	attend_school	beauty classes
user10756	has_ability	make up
user10756	has_hobby	youtube
user10756	like_watching	make up tutorials
user10757	want_job	photographer
user10757	like_music	adam levine
user10757	like_activity	photography
user10757	marital_status	widow
user10757	want_do	photography
user10758	<blank>	<blank>
user10758	have_pet	2 reptile
user10758	like_movie	gone with the wind
user10758	like_general	red
user10758	physical_attribute	purple hair
user10759	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user10759	like_watching	reality tv
user10759	previous_profession	farmer
user10759	want_do	move
user10759	job_status	unemployed
user10760	have_family	brother-in-law
user10760	has_profession	aquarium builder
user10761	place_origin	baltimore
user10761	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user10761	physical_attribute	thin
user10762	misc_attribute	genius
user10762	misc_attribute	bizarre
user10762	physical_attribute	tall
user10762	physical_attribute	purple hair
user10763	have_pet	4 dog
user10763	like_activity	swimming
user10763	dislike	green eggs and ham
user10763	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user10763	like_activity	cooking
user10764	like_general	family time
user10764	other	soccer mom
user10764	teach	cheerleading
user10764	has_ability	cook
user10765	marital_status	20 married
user10765	job_status	volunteer
user10765	previous_profession	veteran
user10765	favorite_sport	football
user10765	like_activity	traveling
user10766	misc_attribute	incomplete
user10766	have_family	parents
user10766	has_profession	artist
user10766	have_chidren	2 son
user10766	have	a house
user10767	favorite_movie	star wars
user10767	<blank>	<blank>
user10767	have_pet	iguana
user10767	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user10767	like_sports	football
user10768	job_status	employed
user10768	favorite_animal	koala
user10768	dislike	beer
user10768	other	lives with a roommate
user10769	own	blue shoes
user10769	have_vehicle	car
user10769	like_general	the color blue
user10769	physical_attribute	blue hair
user10769	like_music	elvis
user10770	marital_status	married
user10770	misc_attribute	unafraid
user10770	want_job	army
user10770	employed_by_company	army rangers
user10771	has_hobby	hiking
user10771	like_general	grateful dead
user10771	has_profession	cook
user10771	has_hobby	writing
user10771	have	terrible singing voice
user10772	place_origin	mexico
user10772	have_pet	2 cat
user10772	previous_profession	chef
user10772	like_activity	baking
user10773	attend_school	university
user10773	like_general	spend time with family
user10773	has_degree	business
user10774	favorite_food	fruit
user10774	own	greenhouse
user10774	has_hobby	soap making
user10774	has_ability	composting
user10774	<blank>	<blank>
user10775	has_hobby	football
user10775	like_read	fiction
user10775	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user10775	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user10775	favorite_book	science fiction
user10776	have	medication
user10776	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user10776	has_hobby	running
user10776	like_activity	video games
user10777	like_activity	cooking
user10777	like_activity	swimming
user10777	favorite_color	green
user10778	want_job	casino manager
user10778	has_ability	card countin
user10778	have_chidren	3 children
user10778	has_degree	statistics
user10779	have	birthday in june
user10779	job_status	unemployed
user10779	favorite_season	summer
user10779	have_pet	cat
user10780	other	am a student
user10780	want_job	musician
user10781	have_chidren	3 children
user10781	has_profession	truck driver
user10781	place_origin	trailer park
user10781	like_food	wings
user10782	have_vehicle	car
user10782	like_food	all
user10782	like_music	rock
user10782	want	win lottery
user10782	employed_by_general	large company
user10783	like_music	kurt cobain
user10783	like_activity	fashion
user10783	have	"drivers license"
user10783	dislike	dad
user10784	dislike	spiders
user10784	like_drink	chai tea
user10784	has_profession	computer technician
user10784	have_pet	dog
user10784	own	black clothes
user10785	marital_status	married
user10785	has_hobby	diet
user10785	has_age	32
user10785	marital_status	married
user10785	other	cant drive
user10786	has_hobby	soap making
user10786	has_ability	composting
user10786	favorite_food	fruit
user10786	own	greenhouse
user10786	<blank>	<blank>
user10787	like_activity	dance
user10787	like_general	shoes
user10787	like_food	pizza
user10787	like_activity	shopping
user10788	has_ability	perfect pitch
user10788	misc_attribute	intelligent
user10788	has_profession	writer
user10788	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user10788	has_ability	cook
user10789	like_movie	john grisham
user10789	dislike	wearing pants
user10790	like_general	prince
user10790	has_ability	2 speak language
user10790	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user10790	like_music	blues
user10791	have_pet	dog
user10791	employed_by_company	target
user10791	physical_attribute	7"
user10791	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user10791	like_goto	movie theater
user10792	employed_by_general	large company
user10792	like_music	rock
user10792	want	win lottery
user10792	have_vehicle	car
user10792	like_food	all
user10793	have_pet	2 dog
user10793	misc_attribute	religious
user10793	like_activity	reading
user10793	have	0 dates
user10793	other	wrote a book
user10794	like_general	red
user10794	has_profession	accountant
user10794	favorite_food	hamburger
user10794	has_hobby	tennis
user10794	favorite	hamilton
user10795	like_music	the beatles
user10795	has_profession	scientist
user10795	has_hobby	gymnastics
user10795	physical_attribute	tall
user10796	like_sports	basketball
user10796	like_music	religious
user10796	has_age	middle aged
user10796	like_general	family
user10797	like_activity	running
user10797	like_activity	cooking
user10797	misc_attribute	organized
user10797	have_chidren	children
user10797	favorite_show	face off
user10798	want	pet
user10798	like_activity	eavesdroping
user10798	own	money
user10798	misc_attribute	shallow
user10799	favorite	hamilton
user10799	favorite_food	hamburger
user10799	like_general	red
user10799	has_profession	accountant
user10799	has_hobby	tennis
user10800	has_profession	writer
user10800	like_activity	rock climbing
user10800	have_pet	1 dog
user10800	physical_attribute	hair is black
user10800	like_food	gluten free
user10801	like_sports	football
user10801	attend_school	alabama university
user10801	dislike	alcohol
user10801	misc_attribute	anxious
user10802	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user10802	have_family	2 children
user10802	like_food	kale
user10802	want	more iron in my diet
user10803	like_activity	bingo
user10803	like_music	jazz
user10803	like_general	my family
user10803	have_pet	3 dog
user10804	have_family	parents
user10804	has_profession	waitress
user10804	like_sports	soccer
user10804	has_hobby	reading
user10804	favorite_movie	disney movies
user10805	has_hobby	running
user10805	like_activity	spending time with family
user10805	favorite_place	american eagle
user10805	dislike	vegetables
user10805	favorite	truck
user10806	job_status	unemployed
user10806	previous_profession	farmer
user10806	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user10806	like_watching	reality tv
user10806	want_do	move
user10807	like_activity	darts
user10807	like_music	classic rock
user10807	like_drink	beer
user10807	like_activity	fixing
user10808	like_music	marduk
user10808	like_food	fish
user10808	dislike	losing things
user10808	like_activity	hiking
user10809	want	house on beach
user10809	like_music	pop
user10809	like_food	mcdonalds
user10809	like_watching	nascar
user10810	like_activity	singing
user10810	have_pet	cat
user10810	has_profession	coffee shop
user10810	school_status	student
user10810	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user10811	has_hobby	musician
user10811	own	music store
user10811	other	like to help animals
user10812	job_status	employed
user10812	job_status	work all the time
user10813	favorite_movie	disney movies
user10813	has_profession	waitress
user10813	like_sports	soccer
user10813	have_family	parents
user10813	has_hobby	reading
user10814	has_hobby	driving
user10814	has_age	adult
user10814	member_of	hobby club
user10814	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user10815	dislike	hot weather
user10815	dislike	country
user10815	want_do	traveling
user10815	like_read	books
user10815	like_general	time with friends
user10816	marital_status	single
user10816	like_goto	nature
user10816	favorite_food	salad
user10816	has_profession	teacher
user10817	place_origin	<blank>
user10817	like_activity	investing
user10817	have_sibling	3 brother
user10817	like_sports	soccer
user10818	has_profession	poet
user10818	have_pet	fish
user10818	member_of	hobby club
user10819	favorite_hobby	reading
user10819	has_ability	digital art
user10819	favorite_book	stephen king
user10819	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user10820	physical_attribute	broke nose
user10820	like_music	jazz
user10820	want	bike
user10820	employed_by_general	factory
user10821	dislike	tomato
user10821	physical_attribute	short
user10821	have_chidren	2 children
user10821	gender	female
user10821	have	wheel chair
user10822	like_activity	cooking
user10822	like_activity	running
user10822	have_chidren	children
user10822	misc_attribute	organized
user10823	like_activity	fishing
user10823	has_hobby	drink beers
user10823	like_activity	fishing
user10823	misc_attribute	simple
user10824	physical_attribute	purple hair
user10824	like_movie	gone with the wind
user10824	have_pet	2 reptile
user10824	<blank>	<blank>
user10824	like_general	red
user10825	favorite_food	steak
user10825	like_activity	running
user10825	marital_status	divorced
user10825	has_profession	lawyer
user10825	favorite_place	new york
user10826	want	1 husband
user10826	physical_attribute	well put together
user10826	have_family	only child
user10826	has_hobby	working out
user10827	marital_status	single
user10827	favorite_food	pizza
user10827	favorite	subject was science
user10827	favorite_hobby	reading
user10828	like_activity	shopping
user10829	has_hobby	working out
user10829	other	8 grandchildren
user10829	job_status	retired
user10829	own	wear glasses
user10830	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user10830	has_profession	coffee shop
user10830	like_activity	singing
user10830	school_status	student
user10831	other	am lonely
user10831	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user10831	have	90000 dollars
user10831	want_do	10 own horses
user10832	other	vegan
user10832	has_hobby	yoga
user10832	want	be millionaire
user10832	like_watching	sport
user10833	<blank>	<blank>
user10833	like_activity	cooking
user10833	have_pet	lizard
user10834	has_hobby	running
user10834	favorite	truck
user10834	favorite_place	american eagle
user10834	like_activity	spending time with family
user10834	dislike	vegetables
user10835	has_hobby	traveling
user10835	like_general	cabins in the woods
user10835	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user10835	has_hobby	traveling
user10836	<blank>	<blank>
user10836	like_activity	singing
user10836	favorite	halo 3
user10836	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user10836	have_vehicle	moped
user10837	marital_status	married
user10837	gender	female
user10837	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user10837	own	agency
user10838	has_hobby	wrestling
user10838	like_general	blue
user10838	employed_by_general	military
user10838	has_age	25
user10839	has_hobby	video games
user10839	favorite_color	green
user10839	job_status	employed
user10839	like_goto	park
user10839	like_sports	running
user10840	misc_attribute	savage
user10840	other	stuck in the past
user10840	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user10840	like_general	place
user10840	has_ability	not technology
user10841	have_chidren	2 children
user10841	like_food	mexican cuisine
user10841	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user10841	like_general	summer
user10842	favorite	third-party softtware
user10842	favorite_food	shrimp
user10842	have_pet	dog
user10842	like_food	pumpkins
user10842	like_activity	watching videos
user10843	has_hobby	archery
user10843	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user10843	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user10843	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user10843	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user10844	has_profession	barista
user10844	favorite	rose
user10844	other	vegan
user10844	favorite_color	orange
user10845	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user10845	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user10845	employed_by_general	university
user10845	like_goto	"farmers market"
user10845	has_ability	play instrument
user10846	have	blood sugar problems
user10846	have_vehicle	bicycle
user10846	have_pet	3 dog
user10846	dislike	working out
user10846	has_ability	play instrument
user10847	want_do	study abroad in spain
user10847	place_origin	new york
user10847	like_sports	football
user10847	school_status	student
user10847	want_job	teacher
user10848	have_chidren	son
user10848	has_ability	4 speak language
user10848	has_ability	impersonations
user10848	has_profession	plumber
user10848	other	award winning 4h member
user10849	has_profession	trainer
user10849	has_hobby	writing
user10849	dislike	sleeping in
user10849	want	know
user10850	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user10850	has_ability	play instrument
user10850	has_profession	musician
user10850	has_hobby	gardening
user10850	have_pet	koi
user10851	misc_attribute	clown
user10851	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user10851	like_general	attention
user10851	like_general	close friends
user10851	other	orphan
user10852	like_music	the rolling stones
user10852	physical_attribute	tall
user10852	employed_by_company	ibm
user10852	want_do	retire
user10852	job_status	not a basketball player
user10853	other	allergies
user10853	member_of	community center
user10853	like_watching	horror
user10853	physical_attribute	short hair
user10853	has_ability	play instrument
user10854	own	cupcake business
user10854	employed_by_general	diner
user10854	like_activity	singing
user10854	has_ability	to be late
user10855	like_activity	tailgate parties
user10855	have	girlfriend
user10855	have	never flown on an airplane
user10855	has_profession	farmer
user10855	favorite_season	duck hunting
user10856	like_general	time with friends
user10856	like_read	books
user10856	dislike	hot weather
user10856	dislike	country
user10856	want_do	traveling
user10857	like_food	fish
user10857	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user10857	other	democrat
user10857	misc_attribute	confident
user10858	like_general	natural world beauty
user10858	like_animal	all
user10858	like_activity	hiking
user10859	has_hobby	running
user10859	place_origin	farm
user10859	have_family	2 nephew
user10860	favorite_music	metal
user10860	marital_status	engaged
user10860	like_activity	working out
user10861	like_drink	coffee
user10861	have_pet	cat
user10861	like_activity	swimming
user10861	own	rose garden
user10862	physical_attribute	blue hair
user10862	like_general	the color blue
user10862	own	blue shoes
user10862	have_vehicle	car
user10862	like_music	elvis
user10863	has_ability	play instrument
user10863	have_chidren	son
user10863	want_job	teacher
user10863	school_status	graduated
user10864	like_general	politics
user10864	has_hobby	football
user10864	marital_status	married
user10864	employed_by_general	candy store
user10864	like_activity	running
user10865	other	soccer mom
user10865	employed_by_general	online company
user10865	has_ability	cook
user10865	teach	cheerleading
user10866	want	retire
user10866	has_ability	1 dancing
user10866	have	support of my whole family
user10867	has_hobby	reading
user10867	other	vegetarian
user10867	like_animal	cat
user10867	employed_by_general	flower shop
user10868	like_activity	watching television
user10868	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user10868	job_status	employed
user10868	favorite_show	game of thrones
user10868	like_activity	cosplay
user10869	has_ability	play instrument
user10869	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user10869	own	1 house
user10869	marital_status	single
user10869	has_profession	nurse
user10870	has_ability	play instrument
user10870	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user10870	has_hobby	gardening
user10870	have_pet	koi
user10871	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user10871	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user10871	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user10871	has_hobby	archery
user10872	have_pet	dog
user10872	favorite_hobby	dancing
user10872	attend_school	university
user10872	dislike	math
user10873	marital_status	single
user10873	gender	female
user10873	have	laugh
user10873	employed_by_general	publishing building
user10873	like_activity	cooking
user10874	have_family	1 father
user10874	misc_attribute	anxious
user10874	has_profession	editing
user10874	have_pet	cat
user10874	live_in_general	"parents house"
user10875	have_chidren	1 son
user10875	like_animal	animals
user10875	other	vegan
user10875	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user10876	like_watching	anime
user10876	like_general	bartolo colon
user10876	job_status	employed
user10876	have	nickname
user10877	favorite_food	italian
user10877	dislike	country and jazz music
user10877	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user10877	favorite_book	middlesex
user10877	has_hobby	working out
user10878	like_sports	football
user10878	misc_attribute	social
user10878	attend_school	university
user10878	has_hobby	exercise
user10879	marital_status	single
user10879	physical_attribute	deaf
user10879	like_sports	tennis
user10879	have_pet	dog
user10879	favorite_place	mall
user10880	has_profession	retailer
user10880	dislike	the taste of cheese
user10880	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user10880	have_chidren	daughter
user10881	has_profession	electrician
user10881	like_sports	running
user10881	has_ability	sleep
user10881	like_food	hamburgers
user10882	has_hobby	biking
user10882	favorite	pancakes
user10882	like_goto	outdoors
user10882	has_hobby	hiking
user10883	have_pet	dog
user10883	has_profession	advertising executive
user10883	has_hobby	writing
user10884	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user10884	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user10884	want_do	video games
user10884	like_activity	staying up late
user10885	like_music	classical
user10885	want	to become male model
user10885	other	had cancer
user10885	other	dieting
user10885	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user10886	have_chidren	2 children
user10886	have_pet	3 dog
user10886	marital_status	married
user10886	like_general	flowers
user10886	employed_by_general	vet
user10887	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user10887	has_ability	2 speak language
user10887	other	chinese
user10887	like_music	blues
user10887	like_general	prince
user10888	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user10888	employed_by_general	dog walker
user10888	have	0 traveled.
user10888	like_food	ice cream
user10889	like_food	egg
user10889	like_activity	drawing
user10889	like_general	people
user10889	like_sports	cycling
user10889	like_drink	tea
user10890	has_hobby	hiking
user10890	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user10890	school_status	graduated
user10890	want_job	teacher
user10890	has_degree	american literature and education
user10891	physical_attribute	6 tall
user10891	like_music	classical
user10891	favorite	auto
user10891	like_goto	opera
user10891	like_goto	paris
user10892	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user10892	has_hobby	hiking
user10892	school_status	graduated
user10892	has_degree	american literature and education
user10893	like_watching	netflix
user10893	want_do	schooling
user10893	have_sibling	sister
user10893	want_do	<blank>
user10893	want_do	learning
user10894	<blank>	<blank>
user10894	job_status	employed
user10894	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user10894	has_profession	musician
user10895	school_status	dropped out
user10895	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user10895	misc_attribute	emotional
user10895	misc_attribute	romantic
user10896	want_do	photography
user10896	like_activity	photography
user10896	marital_status	widow
user10896	like_music	adam levine
user10896	want_job	photographer
user10897	physical_attribute	tall
user10897	like_activity	building
user10897	like_general	place
user10897	<blank>	<blank>
user10897	like_activity	travel
user10898	favorite_show	rick and morty
user10898	has_ability	writing a novel
user10898	favorite_color	black
user10898	own	iphone
user10899	like_animal	cat
user10899	employed_by_company	military
user10899	like_activity	traveling
user10899	like_general	explosions
user10900	have_pet	4 cat
user10900	like_activity	skateboarding
user10900	like_general	<blank>
user10900	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user10900	own	30 shoes
user10901	like_food	all
user10901	have_family	big family
user10901	want	weather
user10901	place_origin	outside the us
user10902	like_read	books
user10902	like_read	1984
user10902	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user10902	school_status	student
user10903	physical_attribute	red hair
user10903	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user10903	job_status	unemployed
user10903	has_hobby	dancing
user10904	want_do	invest in stock market
user10904	like_general	technology
user10904	like_read	news
user10904	want	find easy ways to make money
user10905	like_general	red
user10905	have_pet	2 reptile
user10905	physical_attribute	purple hair
user10905	like_movie	gone with the wind
user10905	<blank>	<blank>
user10906	<blank>	<blank>
user10906	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user10906	like_general	leather clothes
user10906	like_general	sleeping in
user10907	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user10907	own	2 snakes
user10907	has_hobby	collect autographs
user10907	like_food	organic
user10908	live_in_general	mansion
user10908	attend_school	university
user10908	other	make 35 million a year
user10908	member_of	sports team
user10908	has_profession	basketball player
user10909	job_status	unemployed
user10909	other	diabetic
user10909	like_activity	video games
user10910	like_music	perfect playlist
user10910	like_activity	basketball
user10910	have	phone
user10910	like_general	the night
user10910	like_activity	shopping
user10911	place_origin	new hampshire
user10911	like_activity	dance
user10911	like_read	history
user10911	like_food	mexican cuisine
user10912	live_in_general	park
user10912	favorite_color	purple
user10912	has_hobby	listens
user10912	not_have	car
user10913	have_chidren	son
user10913	has_ability	4 speak language
user10913	other	award winning 4h member
user10913	has_ability	impersonations
user10913	has_profession	plumber
user10914	like_food	vegetarian
user10914	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user10914	attend_school	local college
user10914	has_hobby	watching television
user10915	has_hobby	fashion
user10915	like_music	van halen
user10915	want_job	doctor
user10915	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user10916	employed_by_company	google
user10916	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user10916	like_food	lobster
user10916	employed_by_company	google
user10916	has_profession	engineer
user10917	marital_status	divorced
user10917	other	hindu
user10917	attend_school	graduate school
user10918	other	adopted
user10918	favorite	christmas
user10918	have	birth mother
user10918	employed_by_general	a local party store
user10918	have	brown hair
user10919	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user10919	have_chidren	3 children
user10919	like_music	the rolling stones
user10919	like_drink	soda
user10920	has_ability	baking
user10920	attend_school	law school
user10920	other	birth date
user10921	like_activity	fishing
user10921	has_profession	paramedic
user10921	marital_status	single
user10921	have_family	mother
user10921	like_music	rap
user10922	like_activity	walking
user10922	live_in_general	on lake
user10922	dislike	school
user10922	misc_attribute	romantic
user10923	like_read	mystery
user10923	like_goto	beach
user10923	like_food	pizza
user10923	nationality	united states
user10924	like_general	color: pink
user10924	misc_attribute	distant
user10924	marital_status	married
user10924	has_profession	yoga instruction
user10925	dislike	wearing pants
user10925	like_movie	john grisham
user10926	marital_status	engaged
user10926	marital_status	engaged
user10926	marital_status	engaged
user10927	has_hobby	fashion
user10927	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user10927	want_job	doctor
user10927	like_music	van halen
user10927	like_activity	traveling
user10928	like_general	barbie
user10928	other	nancy
user10928	favorite_music	barbie girl
user10928	have_family	only child
user10929	like_music	linkin park
user10929	attend_school	high school
user10929	misc_attribute	quiet
user10929	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user10929	other	was diagnosed with autism
user10930	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user10930	other	shoe size
user10930	have_pet	1 dog
user10930	has_ability	play instrument
user10930	want_job	journalist
user10931	like_general	my family
user10931	have_pet	3 dog
user10931	like_music	jazz
user10931	like_activity	bingo
user10932	other	bad luck with relationships
user10932	misc_attribute	romantic
user10932	misc_attribute	lazy
user10932	job_status	employed
user10932	dislike	homework
user10933	school_status	did not graduate
user10933	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user10934	has_profession	musician
user10934	want_do	home
user10934	has_ability	play instrument
user10934	have	friend
user10935	dislike	sleeping
user10935	have	0 parents
user10935	misc_attribute	smart
user10935	like_activity	travel alone
user10936	have_vehicle	truck
user10936	like_sports	football
user10936	favorite_food	steak
user10936	have	a beer
user10936	has_profession	roofer
user10937	has_ability	earn passive income
user10937	like_music	muggers
user10937	have	bizarre dreams
user10937	like_activity	surfing
user10937	marital_status	single
user10938	attend_school	university
user10938	like_music	country
user10938	misc_attribute	optimistic
user10938	employed_by_company	scrubway
user10938	want_do	video games
user10939	place_origin	new york
user10939	like_sports	football
user10939	school_status	student
user10939	school_status	student
user10940	has_hobby	cycling
user10940	marital_status	single
user10940	has_profession	waiter
user10941	have	money
user10941	previous_profession	telemarketer
user10941	like_activity	playing the lottery
user10941	has_hobby	gambling
user10941	dislike	punching clocks
user10942	has_age	50
user10942	marital_status	married
user10942	have_chidren	4 children
user10942	have_chidren	children
user10942	like_food	ice cream
user10943	like_read	books
user10943	employed_by_general	marketing
user10943	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user10943	like_activity	video games
user10943	dislike	alcohol
user10944	like_music	elvis
user10944	have_vehicle	car
user10944	like_general	the color blue
user10944	own	blue shoes
user10944	physical_attribute	blue hair
user10945	like_activity	tailgate parties
user10945	have	never flown on an airplane
user10945	have	girlfriend
user10945	has_profession	farmer
user10946	employed_by_general	navy
user10946	like_music	folk
user10946	other	orphan
user10946	has_degree	communications
user10947	employed_by_company	navy
user10947	like_read	<blank>
user10947	physical_attribute	tall
user10947	like_sports	swimming
user10947	favorite_show	the voice
user10948	like_activity	cooking
user10948	marital_status	married
user10948	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user10948	has_profession	cleaner
user10949	other	poor
user10949	have_pet	3 iguana
user10949	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user10949	like_animal	dog
user10949	have_sibling	brother
user10950	favorite_show	scooby doo
user10950	like_drink	soda
user10950	employed_by_general	club
user10950	has_hobby	drawing
user10951	has_profession	artist
user10951	like_general	the nighttime
user10951	have_pet	named charlie
user10951	own	2 hoop earrings
user10952	want_job	veterinarian
user10952	like_animal	<blank>
user10952	have_pet	3 pets
user10952	like_goto	gym
user10953	have_pet	cat
user10953	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user10953	like_music	funk rock
user10953	like_food	taco
user10954	like_general	blue
user10954	like_food	home-cooked meals
user10954	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user10954	favorite_show	fantasy
user10955	has_hobby	soccer
user10955	misc_attribute	team player
user10955	has_hobby	goalie
user10955	favorite	nike cleats
user10956	has_hobby	ice hockey
user10956	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user10956	gender	male
user10956	favorite	math
user10957	misc_attribute	aspiring
user10957	misc_attribute	polite
user10957	employed_by_general	bank
user10957	like_food	1 restaurant
user10958	have	home
user10958	has_ability	3 speak language
user10958	has_profession	programmer
user10958	other	traveling to japan
user10958	has_hobby	traveling
user10959	like_activity	baking
user10959	like_general	shoes
user10959	like_activity	laughing
user10960	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user10960	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user10960	like_food	spaghetti
user10960	favorite_activity	reading
user10960	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user10961	like_music	rock
user10961	own	black purse
user10961	own	black car
user10961	like_general	wearing black clothing
user10962	like_activity	running
user10962	like_food	cheesecake
user10962	have_chidren	2 children
user10962	favorite_movie	16 candles
user10962	job_status	employed
user10963	has_profession	construction worker
user10963	have_family	mother
user10963	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user10963	attend_school	welding
user10964	like_activity	filming
user10964	dislike	death
user10964	misc_attribute	crazy
user10964	like_activity	making people smile
user10965	nationality	united states
user10965	like_food	pizza
user10965	like_goto	beach
user10965	like_read	mystery
user10966	live_in_general	condo
user10966	misc_attribute	focused
user10966	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user10966	favorite_food	steak
user10967	like_music	katy perry
user10967	has_profession	lifeguard
user10967	like_activity	spreading happiness
user10967	misc_attribute	exciting
user10967	have_vehicle	convertible
user10968	have_chidren	0 children
user10968	marital_status	divorced
user10968	misc_attribute	shy
user10968	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user10969	physical_attribute	glasses
user10969	physical_attribute	short
user10969	like_food	takeout
user10969	like_animal	animals
user10970	have	1 shoes
user10970	favorite	eat at restaurant
user10970	physical_attribute	allergic
user10970	like_general	having my back scratched
user10971	like_activity	relieving myself
user10971	like_general	canadian women
user10971	have_vehicle	prius
user10971	has_hobby	hiking
user10972	own	miscelaneous stuff
user10972	job_status	seeking employment
user10972	misc_attribute	impressed
user10972	has_degree	graduate
user10973	have_vehicle	<blank>
user10973	has_hobby	listens
user10973	other	am diabetic
user10973	like_read	<blank>
user10974	like_activity	hiking
user10974	like_general	natural world beauty
user10974	like_animal	all
user10975	has_ability	digital art
user10975	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user10975	favorite_hobby	reading
user10976	like_activity	gardening
user10976	misc_attribute	helpful
user10976	want_do	skydiving
user10976	has_ability	play instrument
user10977	misc_attribute	religious
user10977	has_age	53
user10977	misc_attribute	carefree
user10977	has_profession	salesman
user10977	has_profession	fitness guru
user10978	like_goto	museum
user10978	have_chidren	2 son
user10978	like_goto	wine tours
user10978	like_activity	painting
user10979	has_profession	nurse
user10979	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user10979	marital_status	divorced
user10979	like_read	<blank>
user10979	employed_by_general	hospital
user10980	physical_attribute	short
user10980	like_activity	reading
user10980	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user10980	physical_attribute	round
user10980	misc_attribute	smart
user10981	misc_attribute	bipolar
user10981	other	mother
user10981	has_profession	nurse
user10981	like_food	hummus
user10981	want	child
user10982	have_sibling	3 sibling
user10982	like_activity	drawing
user10982	like_general	blue
user10982	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user10983	other	am blind
user10983	has_hobby	driving
user10983	physical_attribute	handicapped
user10983	has_profession	disc jockey
user10984	has_profession	truck driver
user10984	have_vehicle	camper
user10984	previous_profession	veteran
user10984	like_activity	working out
user10984	favorite_sport	football
user10985	other	am a widow
user10985	favorite_activity	gardening
user10985	has_age	77
user10985	like_drink	coffee
user10986	school_status	graduated
user10986	like_food	all
user10986	have_family	big family
user10986	want	weather
user10987	like_general	children
user10987	like_activity	chatting with friends
user10987	like_activity	shopping
user10987	like_food	<blank>
user10987	like_activity	cooking
user10988	like_food	fast
user10988	has_profession	national guard officer
user10988	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user10988	like_general	weather
user10988	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user10989	favorite_animal	koala
user10989	dislike	beer
user10989	job_status	employed
user10989	other	lives with a roommate
user10990	like_food	honey
user10990	like_general	strangers
user10990	has_ability	throwing parties
user10990	favorite_animal	monkey
user10991	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user10991	attend_school	university
user10991	like_read	books
user10991	like_read	1984
user10991	school_status	student
user10992	has_ability	play instrument
user10992	has_age	25
user10992	have	name
user10992	attend_school	university
user10993	like_animal	animals
user10993	like_activity	walking
user10993	like_activity	working out
user10993	like_activity	watching
user10994	has_profession	teacher
user10994	has_hobby	kayaking
user10994	teach	kindergarten
user10994	school_status	2016 graduated
user10995	has_profession	teacher
user10995	favorite_color	purple
user10995	have_chidren	child
user10996	has_ability	not swim
user10996	own	chevy tahoe
user10996	like_music	rock
user10997	place_origin	france
user10997	have_sibling	brother
user10997	like_sports	soccer
user10997	want_do	soccer
user10997	school_status	student
user10998	dislike	clowns
user10998	like_activity	cooking
user10998	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user10998	have	2 roommate
user10998	have_pet	2 dog
user10999	has_profession	0 clerk
user10999	place_origin	baltimore
user10999	physical_attribute	thin
user11000	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user11000	have_chidren	daughter
user11000	school_status	student
user11000	has_profession	waiter
user11001	like_watching	sun rise
user11001	like_activity	watching sunsets
user11001	job_status	unemployed
user11001	has_profession	<blank>
user11001	want_do	exercise
user11002	like_food	fried
user11002	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user11002	other	six months to live
user11003	other	vegan
user11003	have	tattoo
user11003	attend_school	umass
user11003	like_music	concerts
user11004	has_profession	athlete
user11004	has_profession	driver
user11004	have_chidren	4 daughter
user11004	like_animal	fish
user11004	like_activity	board games
user11005	has_hobby	skiing
user11005	like_activity	saving
user11005	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user11005	like_music	blues
user11006	dislike	all
user11006	like_general	cars
user11006	like_activity	roleplay
user11007	like_drink	water with protein powder
user11007	like_watching	mma
user11007	school_status	student
user11007	has_hobby	weight lifting
user11007	own	bowie knife
user11008	has_age	22
user11008	job_status	employed
user11008	like_general	children
user11008	has_degree	education
user11008	job_status	employed
user11009	marital_status	married
user11009	misc_attribute	unafraid
user11009	want_job	army
user11009	employed_by_company	army rangers
user11009	like_general	deployment
user11010	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user11010	has_ability	can build computers
user11010	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user11010	want	join military when younger
user11011	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user11011	job_status	0 seeking employment
user11011	has_profession	small business owner
user11011	other	am impressed
user11012	marital_status	divorced
user11012	employed_by_general	bank
user11013	like_activity	drawing
user11013	misc_attribute	vain
user11013	physical_attribute	curly hair
user11013	like_activity	cooking
user11014	like_general	family
user11014	like_sports	basketball
user11014	like_music	religious
user11014	has_age	middle aged
user11014	dislike	talking
user11015	like_music	drake
user11015	like_music	rap
user11015	like_activity	cooking
user11015	has_ability	play instrument
user11016	have_pet	2 dog
user11016	has_age	30
user11016	has_ability	security guard
user11016	job_status	employed
user11016	marital_status	single
user11017	has_profession	design video games
user11017	job_status	unemployed
user11018	has_profession	teacher
user11018	has_hobby	kayaking
user11018	school_status	2016 graduated
user11019	teach	children
user11019	member_of	church
user11019	other	vegan
user11019	misc_attribute	ocd
user11020	like_activity	walking
user11020	job_status	retired
user11020	has_profession	teacher
user11021	like_general	blue
user11021	like_food	pizza
user11021	gender	transfemale
user11021	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user11022	like_food	mexican cuisine
user11022	like_general	summer
user11022	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user11022	have_chidren	2 children
user11023	misc_attribute	romantic
user11023	school_status	dropped out
user11023	misc_attribute	emotional
user11023	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user11024	like_sports	golf
user11024	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11024	like_music	classical
user11024	like_general	my work
user11024	marital_status	married
user11025	have	medical bills
user11025	physical_attribute	slow
user11025	like_goto	hospital
user11026	physical_attribute	short
user11026	have	problems
user11026	physical_attribute	glasses
user11026	like_animal	animals
user11026	other	eat out for food
user11027	misc_attribute	confused
user11027	dislike	rejection from parents
user11027	gender	different
user11027	other	sexual identity
user11028	<blank>	<blank>
user11028	like_activity	fishing
user11028	have_vehicle	boat
user11028	have	5 grandchildren
user11029	have_family	father
user11029	like_food	cakes
user11029	school_status	student
user11029	have_sibling	1 sister
user11029	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user11030	want	any car
user11030	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user11030	has_age	18
user11030	have_family	parents
user11030	attend_school	in a year
user11031	misc_attribute	weak
user11031	dislike	evil
user11031	misc_attribute	religious
user11031	misc_attribute	religious
user11032	has_age	30
user11032	physical_attribute	colorblind
user11032	has_degree	marketing
user11032	other	volunteer firefighter.
user11033	like_activity	traveling
user11033	own	a business
user11033	has_profession	travel agent
user11033	favorite_place	jamaica
user11033	like_activity	working out
user11034	dislike	working
user11034	other	free spirit
user11034	like_general	family and fun
user11035	physical_attribute	round
user11035	misc_attribute	smart
user11035	physical_attribute	short
user11035	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user11036	have_sibling	1 sister
user11036	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user11036	have_family	father
user11036	school_status	student
user11036	like_food	cakes
user11037	not_have	child
user11037	live_in_general	park
user11037	favorite_color	purple
user11037	has_hobby	listens
user11038	like_sports	golf
user11038	like_music	classical
user11038	like_general	my work
user11038	marital_status	married
user11039	misc_attribute	slow
user11039	have	too be perfect
user11039	want	vacation
user11039	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user11040	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11040	like_general	my work
user11040	like_sports	golf
user11040	like_music	classical
user11040	marital_status	married
user11041	has_profession	veterinarian
user11041	marital_status	married
user11041	place_origin	spain
user11041	favorite_music	hip hop
user11042	employed_by_general	bookstore
user11042	have	girlfriend
user11042	physical_attribute	pink hair
user11042	live_in_general	city
user11043	have_pet	horse
user11043	physical_attribute	pregnant
user11043	live_in_general	country
user11044	like_general	simpler times
user11044	like_general	simple jokes
user11044	dislike	jokes
user11044	like_watching	the flintstones
user11045	nationality	canada
user11045	like_activity	video games
user11045	favorite_sport	soccer
user11046	gender	male
user11046	have_pet	2 dog
user11046	like_food	potato
user11046	has_profession	accountant
user11047	own	black clothes
user11047	have_pet	dog
user11047	like_drink	chai tea
user11047	has_profession	computer technician
user11047	dislike	spiders
user11048	place_origin	chicago
user11048	has_ability	play instrument
user11048	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11049	want_job	photographer
user11049	like_activity	photography
user11049	want_do	photography
user11049	marital_status	widow
user11050	like_activity	go karting
user11050	has_ability	play instrument
user11050	dislike	fast food
user11050	own	george foreman grill
user11050	has_hobby	fishing
user11051	have_pet	2 dog
user11051	gender	male
user11051	have	car
user11051	has_profession	accountant
user11052	member_of	other club
user11052	like_goto	outdoors
user11052	physical_attribute	brunette
user11052	has_age	21
user11053	like_music	chainsmokers
user11053	has_profession	lifeguard
user11053	like_activity	tennis
user11053	like_activity	travel
user11054	has_profession	9 to 5
user11054	like_activity	cooking
user11054	want_job	baker
user11055	have	hair
user11055	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user11055	have_vehicle	ford
user11055	dislike	country
user11056	like_activity	painting
user11056	like_activity	baking
user11056	like_activity	wrestling
user11056	has_profession	cartographer
user11057	favorite_food	steak
user11057	own	black car
user11057	has_profession	finance
user11057	like_music	rap
user11058	like_activity	singing
user11058	favorite_activity	cooking
user11058	like_activity	running
user11058	own	trophies
user11059	want_do	<blank>
user11059	live_in_general	pig farm
user11059	other	vegetarian
user11059	have	allergies
user11060	like_animal	cat
user11060	misc_attribute	athletic
user11060	school_status	student
user11060	physical_attribute	strong
user11061	misc_attribute	depressed
user11061	dislike	cleaning
user11061	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user11061	want_job	professional eater
user11062	marital_status	widow
user11062	have_sibling	6 sibling
user11062	have	2 broken arm
user11063	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user11063	like_music	classical
user11063	want	to become male model
user11063	other	had cancer
user11064	has_hobby	watching television
user11064	attend_school	local college
user11064	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user11064	like_food	vegetarian
user11064	like_music	classic rock
user11065	like_goto	festivals
user11065	like_music	the story so far
user11065	like_food	meat
user11065	employed_by_company	online
user11066	has_hobby	baking
user11066	have_family	daughter
user11066	gender	female
user11066	have_chidren	3 daughter
user11067	school_status	student
user11067	want	porsche
user11067	has_hobby	pet
user11067	physical_attribute	short
user11068	has_age	35
user11068	teach	japanese and drawing
user11068	misc_attribute	accent
user11068	has_profession	teacher
user11069	like_general	going to bed late
user11069	has_ability	dance
user11069	other	vegetarian
user11069	like_activity	singing
user11070	own	black car
user11070	like_music	rock
user11070	own	black purse
user11070	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user11071	have_family	mother
user11071	dislike	future
user11071	have	6 siblings
user11071	other	adopted
user11072	other	3 allergies
user11072	like_activity	watching television
user11072	favorite_music	metal
user11073	like_general	dress up
user11073	employed_by_general	grocery store
user11073	like_activity	skin care
user11073	dislike	cooking
user11074	has_age	19
user11074	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user11074	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user11075	gender	male
user11075	have_vehicle	jaguar
user11075	have_family	members
user11075	misc_attribute	angry
user11076	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user11076	like_general	red
user11076	have_vehicle	prius
user11077	like_drink	liquor
user11077	like_activity	video games
user11077	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user11077	like_read	books
user11078	like_activity	building
user11078	like_activity	travel
user11078	physical_attribute	tall
user11078	<blank>	<blank>
user11079	like_food	meatloaf
user11079	have_pet	dog
user11079	like_music	0 toto
user11079	have_vehicle	car
user11080	have	roommate
user11080	employed_by_general	diner
user11080	own	cupcake business
user11080	has_ability	to be late
user11080	like_activity	singing
user11081	have_chidren	2 children
user11081	have_family	grandmother
user11081	job_status	employed
user11081	marital_status	divorced
user11081	has_profession	bowler
user11082	like_activity	cooking
user11082	like_activity	travel
user11082	like_music	classical
user11082	has_ability	play instrument
user11083	dislike	tomato
user11083	gender	female
user11083	have	wheel chair
user11083	have_chidren	2 children
user11084	has_profession	carpenter
user11084	like_general	red
user11084	marital_status	married
user11084	have_sibling	sibling
user11084	previous_profession	slave
user11085	gender	male
user11085	live_in_general	wife and kids
user11085	have_pet	3 dog
user11085	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user11085	own	farm
user11086	attend_school	college
user11086	like_activity	writing
user11086	own	glasses
user11086	have	laptop
user11086	has_ability	ride
user11087	has_ability	2 speak language
user11087	like_activity	cooking
user11087	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user11087	have_chidren	3 children
user11087	marital_status	married
user11088	dislike	driving
user11088	like_music	backstreet boys
user11088	has_age	under 50
user11088	like_food	cheese
user11088	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11089	has_profession	truck driver
user11089	has_ability	driving
user11090	like_sports	sports
user11090	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user11090	has_ability	sleeping
user11090	favorite	raptors
user11090	want_job	dentist
user11091	like_general	blue
user11091	have_pet	3 dog
user11091	like_read	horror
user11091	has_profession	accountant
user11092	like_activity	sleeping
user11092	dislike	traffic
user11092	other	vegetarian
user11092	has_ability	cook
user11092	dislike	beet
user11093	marital_status	married
user11093	other	cant drive
user11093	has_age	32
user11093	marital_status	married
user11094	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user11094	like_music	classic
user11094	favorite_season	summer
user11094	like_general	impala
user11095	dislike	traveling
user11095	favorite	iphone
user11095	has_profession	banker
user11095	like_activity	hiking
user11095	misc_attribute	confused
user11096	has_ability	sleep
user11096	like_sports	hockey
user11096	want_do	texting
user11097	dislike	hot weather
user11097	like_general	time with friends
user11097	like_read	books
user11097	dislike	country
user11097	want_do	traveling
user11098	has_hobby	musician
user11098	want_do	retire to florida
user11098	own	music store
user11098	other	like to help animals
user11099	gender	male
user11099	has_profession	mechanic
user11099	have_pet	doberman
user11100	like_activity	bingo
user11100	have_pet	3 dog
user11100	like_music	jazz
user11100	like_general	my family
user11101	like_sports	swimming
user11101	has_ability	marathon runner
user11101	like_general	morning
user11101	favorite	apple
user11101	like_general	winter
user11102	like_music	guitar
user11102	like_music	<blank>
user11102	other	vegan
user11102	like_activity	cycling
user11102	like_activity	skateboarding
user11103	own	cape
user11103	like_goto	cinema
user11103	have	hobbies
user11104	marital_status	single
user11104	favorite_hobby	reading
user11104	favorite	subject was science
user11104	favorite_food	pizza
user11105	like_activity	skiing
user11105	like_music	one direction
user11105	like_activity	hiking
user11105	place_origin	colorado
user11105	like_general	the weather
user11106	have_pet	1 dog
user11106	want_job	unspecified
user11106	physical_attribute	short
user11106	like_general	red
user11107	has_hobby	shopping
user11107	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user11107	marital_status	married
user11107	like_drink	iced tea
user11107	teach	first grade
user11108	like_goto	thrift shops
user11108	like_activity	fashion
user11108	like_activity	sewing
user11108	has_profession	teacher
user11109	have_pet	2 cat
user11109	want	more iron in my diet
user11109	have_family	2 children
user11110	have	allergies
user11110	other	vegetarian
user11110	dislike	animals in general
user11111	like_sports	football
user11111	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user11111	like_activity	reading
user11112	like_general	jimmy fallon
user11112	has_ability	play instrument
user11112	dislike	flowers
user11112	has_ability	making clothing
user11112	physical_attribute	going bald
user11113	like_activity	video games
user11113	like_food	fish
user11113	like_activity	racing rc cars
user11113	have_pet	dog
user11114	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user11114	dislike	green eggs and ham
user11114	like_activity	swimming
user11114	have_pet	4 dog
user11114	like_activity	cooking
user11115	like_activity	making people smile
user11115	misc_attribute	crazy
user11115	has_ability	bad lying
user11115	dislike	death
user11115	like_activity	filming
user11116	like_activity	video games
user11116	live_in_general	bed
user11116	employed_by_general	home
user11116	like_activity	social media
user11116	have_pet	<blank>
user11117	misc_attribute	emotional
user11117	school_status	dropped out
user11117	misc_attribute	romantic
user11117	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user11118	want_do	video games
user11118	attend_school	university
user11118	misc_attribute	optimistic
user11118	employed_by_company	scrubway
user11118	like_music	country
user11119	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user11119	have	passport
user11119	other	was on the news
user11120	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user11120	have_sibling	sibling
user11120	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user11120	like_activity	staying up late
user11120	want_do	video games
user11121	school_status	dropped out
user11121	misc_attribute	emotional
user11121	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user11121	misc_attribute	romantic
user11122	misc_attribute	talent
user11122	has_hobby	cooking
user11122	attend_school	classes
user11122	like_activity	cooking
user11123	like_goto	museum
user11123	like_drink	iced tea
user11123	employed_by_general	bookstore
user11123	has_hobby	writing
user11123	want_job	author
user11124	like_general	weather
user11124	like_food	fast
user11124	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user11124	has_profession	national guard officer
user11124	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user11125	like_general	being myself
user11125	favorite_food	pizza
user11125	has_hobby	walking
user11125	like_music	dream theater
user11126	like_general	close friends
user11126	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user11126	like_general	attention
user11126	other	orphan
user11127	has_ability	play instrument
user11127	have_family	1 twins
user11127	dislike	heights
user11127	favorite	superman
user11128	have	house
user11128	misc_attribute	lazy
user11128	other	vegetarian
user11128	like_food	meat
user11129	marital_status	single
user11129	own	1 house
user11129	has_ability	play instrument
user11129	has_profession	nurse
user11130	like_general	books
user11130	employed_by_general	cafe
user11130	have_pet	cat
user11130	like_activity	sewing
user11131	like_general	the color blue
user11131	like_music	elvis
user11131	have_vehicle	car
user11131	own	blue shoes
user11132	other	gay
user11132	has_profession	welder
user11132	like_activity	video games
user11132	has_ability	play instrument
user11133	has_profession	teacher
user11133	favorite_color	purple
user11133	have_chidren	child
user11133	place_origin	church
user11134	favorite_food	jello
user11134	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user11134	have_pet	4 pet
user11134	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user11135	other	walking
user11135	misc_attribute	helpful
user11135	live_in_general	city
user11135	like_goto	market
user11136	have_sibling	brother
user11136	has_hobby	horseback riding
user11136	has_hobby	snowboarding
user11136	like_food	popcorn
user11136	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user11137	like_general	red
user11137	have_pet	dog
user11137	school_status	student
user11137	have_family	only child
user11138	marital_status	single
user11138	own	bmw
user11138	have	friends
user11138	like_activity	shopping
user11138	other	debt
user11139	dislike	swimsuit
user11139	favorite_season	winter
user11140	favorite_food	apple
user11140	like_food	apple
user11140	like_food	fruit
user11140	like_food	apple
user11140	dislike	meat
user11141	like_activity	traveling
user11141	employed_by_general	brewery
user11141	like_drink	32 beer
user11141	like_goto	casino
user11141	marital_status	married
user11142	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user11142	favorite_show	fantasy
user11142	like_food	home-cooked meals
user11142	like_general	blue
user11143	have_chidren	3 children
user11143	live_in_general	suburbs
user11143	<blank>	<blank>
user11143	school_status	graduated
user11144	want	magic was real
user11144	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user11144	have_chidren	daughter
user11144	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user11145	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user11145	gender	female
user11145	marital_status	married
user11146	has_profession	teacher
user11146	like_food	chocolate
user11146	has_hobby	yoga
user11146	like_drink	coffee
user11146	have_sibling	twin sister
user11147	want	weather
user11147	school_status	graduated
user11147	place_origin	outside the us
user11147	have_family	big family
user11148	favorite_activity	fishing
user11148	like_food	ice cream
user11148	favorite_activity	float the river
user11148	has_ability	running
user11149	has_profession	engineer
user11149	like_activity	hiking
user11149	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user11149	like_activity	photography
user11149	live_in_general	alone
user11150	has_age	19
user11150	has_hobby	baseball
user11150	has_hobby	baseball
user11150	favorite	mike trout
user11151	own	iphone
user11151	has_ability	writing a novel
user11151	favorite_color	black
user11151	dislike	pickle
user11152	like_activity	reading
user11152	favorite_place	beach
user11152	marital_status	married
user11152	has_profession	teacher
user11153	have_vehicle	car
user11153	job_status	employed
user11153	like_general	blue
user11153	like_activity	drawing and painting
user11154	has_hobby	growing sunflowers
user11154	like_read	agatha christie
user11154	employed_by_general	church
user11154	have_chidren	5 children
user11155	attend_school	university
user11155	like_sports	hockey
user11155	other	flew out of country
user11155	have_family	1 sibling
user11156	has_ability	play instrument
user11156	misc_attribute	sociable
user11156	want_job	director
user11156	has_hobby	band
user11157	like_food	takeout
user11157	misc_attribute	patriotic
user11157	school_status	graduated
user11157	other	look down on people
user11157	has_profession	finance
user11158	has_profession	hairdresser
user11158	own	salon
user11158	live_in_general	boat
user11158	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user11158	marital_status	married
user11159	have_pet	cat
user11159	has_profession	librarian
user11159	like_activity	reading
user11159	have_pet	2 cat
user11159	like_food	tuna
user11160	other	vegan
user11160	like_watching	game of thrones
user11160	like_sports	soccer
user11160	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user11161	dislike	winter
user11161	favorite_show	csi
user11161	want_job	smithsonian
user11161	misc_attribute	risky
user11162	like_general	place
user11162	like_activity	building
user11162	physical_attribute	tall
user11162	<blank>	<blank>
user11162	like_activity	travel
user11163	like_food	beets
user11163	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user11163	live_in_general	farm
user11164	favorite_animal	zebra
user11164	attend_school	preschool
user11164	like_activity	dance
user11164	gender	female
user11164	like_activity	outdoors
user11165	has_hobby	football
user11165	like_sports	football
user11165	has_hobby	football
user11165	has_profession	athlete
user11166	like_activity	cooking
user11166	want_do	traveling
user11166	have_pet	cat
user11167	like_activity	fishing
user11167	dislike	losing
user11167	favorite_season	spring
user11167	have	boots
user11168	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user11168	want	to be something else
user11168	physical_attribute	6 tall
user11169	physical_attribute	am bloated
user11169	misc_attribute	funny
user11169	favorite_drink	sprite
user11169	has_ability	draw
user11169	have	sausage fingers
user11170	has_profession	mortician
user11170	want_do	pilot
user11170	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user11170	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user11171	like_general	cold weather
user11171	like_goto	walmart
user11171	favorite_season	winter
user11171	like_watching	game of thrones
user11172	<blank>	<blank>
user11172	favorite	halo 3
user11172	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user11172	have_vehicle	moped
user11172	like_activity	singing
user11173	want	voice
user11173	misc_attribute	passionate
user11173	misc_attribute	unstable
user11173	misc_attribute	old soul
user11173	physical_attribute	have back pain
user11174	has_hobby	video games
user11174	has_age	32
user11174	live_in_general	with parents
user11174	dislike	job
user11175	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user11175	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user11175	like_food	fast
user11175	has_profession	national guard officer
user11176	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user11176	has_degree	masters
user11176	favorite_color	purple
user11176	gender	female
user11176	has_hobby	swimming
user11177	like_music	the story so far
user11177	employed_by_general	online
user11177	like_food	meat
user11177	previous_profession	factory worker
user11177	previous_profession	musician
user11178	physical_attribute	blonde
user11178	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user11178	physical_attribute	overweight
user11178	has_age	53
user11179	attend_school	university
user11179	has_hobby	exercise
user11179	like_food	large meals
user11179	misc_attribute	social
user11180	want_do	buy
user11180	has_hobby	running
user11180	like_food	spicy
user11180	previous_profession	movie theater
user11180	physical_attribute	long hair
user11181	like_activity	singing
user11181	own	trophies
user11181	like_activity	running
user11181	favorite_activity	cooking
user11181	other	can sim very quickly
user11182	like_activity	skiing
user11182	favorite_color	yellow
user11182	has_hobby	singing
user11183	marital_status	single
user11183	like_goto	library
user11183	want	monogomy
user11183	misc_attribute	not
user11183	job_status	employed
user11184	has_ability	play instrument
user11184	have_pet	1 dog
user11185	other	wrote a book
user11185	like_activity	reading
user11185	marital_status	single
user11185	have_pet	2 dog
user11185	misc_attribute	religious
user11186	have_vehicle	acura
user11186	has_profession	car sales
user11186	like_sports	basketball
user11186	favorite_drink	beer coors
user11187	like_activity	dancing
user11187	physical_attribute	6 tall
user11187	other	tall family.
user11187	like_goto	school
user11187	like_activity	running
user11188	like_activity	hiking
user11188	has_profession	banker
user11188	dislike	traveling
user11188	favorite	iphone
user11189	has_profession	teacher
user11189	teach	japanese and drawing
user11189	has_age	35
user11190	has_age	18
user11190	other	carnivore
user11190	like_goto	rock concerts
user11190	place_origin	farm
user11191	like_read	<blank>
user11191	like_music	country
user11191	job_status	employed
user11191	other	vegan
user11191	like_goto	beach
user11192	like_activity	helping
user11192	favorite_food	pasta
user11192	live_in_general	rural area
user11192	gender	female
user11192	job_status	retired
user11193	like_activity	sewing
user11193	have_pet	cat
user11193	employed_by_general	cafe
user11193	like_general	books
user11194	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user11194	like_general	going to bed late
user11194	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user11194	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user11194	has_age	29
user11195	have_pet	3 cat
user11195	like_food	candy
user11195	have_vehicle	honda
user11195	misc_attribute	funny
user11195	has_profession	package delivery
user11196	has_hobby	football
user11196	has_hobby	football
user11196	has_profession	athlete
user11196	like_general	baltimore ravens
user11196	like_sports	football
user11197	has_ability	card countin
user11197	want_job	casino manager
user11197	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user11197	have_chidren	3 children
user11197	has_degree	statistics
user11198	like_music	country
user11198	has_profession	at bar
user11198	like_activity	surfing
user11198	has_ability	play instrument
user11198	has_ability	cook
user11199	like_activity	go karting
user11199	own	george foreman grill
user11199	has_ability	play instrument
user11199	dislike	fast food
user11199	has_hobby	fishing
user11200	job_status	employed
user11200	job_status	employed
user11200	has_profession	owner
user11200	own	consulting firm
user11201	misc_attribute	clown
user11201	like_general	attention
user11201	other	orphan
user11201	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user11202	like_goto	gym
user11202	have_pet	3 pets
user11202	other	dieting
user11202	like_animal	<blank>
user11202	want_job	veterinarian
user11203	has_age	middle aged
user11203	misc_attribute	quiet
user11203	like_music	religious
user11203	like_sports	basketball
user11203	like_general	family
user11204	favorite_color	yellow
user11204	like_music	80s
user11204	like_general	ghost
user11204	has_profession	wedding planner
user11204	want_job	architect
user11205	has_degree	masters
user11205	have_pet	skunk
user11205	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user11205	have	green nails
user11206	has_ability	to move out
user11206	has_hobby	larping
user11206	has_age	32
user11206	have_family	father
user11207	attend_school	alabama university
user11207	have	girlfriend
user11207	misc_attribute	anxious
user11207	like_sports	football
user11208	has_ability	play instrument
user11208	favorite_color	green
user11208	like_read	history
user11208	has_profession	baseball player
user11209	favorite	halo 3
user11209	have_vehicle	moped
user11209	<blank>	<blank>
user11209	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user11209	like_activity	singing
user11210	favorite_color	yellow
user11210	favorite_place	florida
user11210	has_hobby	singing
user11210	like_activity	skiing
user11211	favorite	auto
user11211	like_goto	opera
user11211	like_music	classical
user11211	like_goto	paris
user11212	dislike	waking up in the morning
user11212	misc_attribute	aloof
user11213	have_vehicle	prius
user11213	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11214	like_general	being a guy
user11214	like_activity	hiking
user11214	like_movie	shows
user11214	like_food	burrito
user11215	has_profession	safety patrol
user11215	like_read	harry potter
user11215	has_hobby	martial arts
user11216	has_profession	ballerina
user11216	favorite_food	hamburgers
user11216	like_watching	comedy
user11217	other	am a student
user11217	want_job	musician
user11218	has_ability	impersonations
user11218	has_profession	plumber
user11218	have_chidren	son
user11218	other	award winning 4h member
user11219	have_sibling	1 sister
user11219	live_in_citystatecountry	dublin
user11219	like_food	cake
user11219	have_family	father
user11219	school_status	student
user11220	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user11220	like_read	books
user11220	have_pet	dog
user11221	favorite_food	fried chicken
user11221	have_sibling	twin sister
user11221	marital_status	married
user11222	has_ability	3 speak language
user11222	has_ability	cook
user11222	favorite_activity	outdoors
user11223	physical_attribute	purple hair
user11223	job_status	employed
user11223	favorite_book	tale of genji
user11224	has_profession	athlete
user11224	has_profession	basketball player
user11224	attend_school	university of north carolina
user11224	has_profession	basketball player
user11224	has_hobby	basketball
user11225	like_animal	animals
user11225	other	vegan
user11225	has_hobby	walking
user11225	have_chidren	1 son
user11225	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user11226	has_profession	rock band
user11226	dislike	make up
user11226	physical_attribute	long nails
user11226	have_vehicle	moped
user11226	favorite_color	orange
user11227	<blank>	<blank>
user11227	like_activity	writing
user11227	has_profession	author
user11227	like_food	green tea
user11227	like_watching	mystery
user11228	job_status	not a basketball player
user11228	want_do	retire
user11228	physical_attribute	tall
user11228	employed_by_company	ibm
user11229	has_degree	american literature and education
user11229	want_job	teacher
user11229	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user11229	school_status	graduated
user11230	marital_status	single
user11230	other	wrote a book
user11230	like_activity	reading
user11230	have_pet	2 dog
user11230	misc_attribute	religious
user11231	other	name is mary
user11231	has_profession	receptionist
user11231	has_profession	receptionist
user11231	school_status	student
user11231	school_status	student
user11232	school_status	student
user11232	want_job	musician
user11233	like_activity	dance
user11233	like_food	burrito
user11233	like_food	pizza
user11233	like_activity	shopping
user11233	like_general	shoes
user11234	like_general	recycling
user11234	place_origin	california
user11234	school_status	student
user11234	like_activity	shopping
user11234	like_goto	outdoors
user11235	has_age	25
user11235	have_chidren	daughter
user11235	live_in_general	apartment
user11235	like_general	taking her to the park
user11236	like_activity	making clients happy
user11236	has_profession	sales
user11236	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user11236	misc_attribute	make things right
user11236	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user11237	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11237	has_hobby	archery
user11237	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user11237	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user11238	other	vegetarian
user11238	other	catholic
user11238	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user11238	job_status	employed
user11239	employed_by_company	navy
user11239	like_read	<blank>
user11239	favorite_show	the voice
user11239	like_sports	swimming
user11240	want_job	dentist
user11240	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user11240	like_sports	sports
user11240	has_ability	sleeping
user11241	like_read	<blank>
user11241	have_chidren	1 son
user11241	like_activity	swimming
user11241	other	epileptic
user11242	physical_attribute	long hair
user11242	like_activity	video games
user11242	dislike	1 cooking
user11243	marital_status	engaged
user11243	marital_status	engaged
user11243	marital_status	engaged
user11244	like_activity	cooking
user11244	favorite_color	green
user11244	like_activity	swimming
user11245	has_ability	3 speak language
user11245	has_ability	cook
user11245	like_sports	cycling
user11245	favorite_activity	outdoors
user11246	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user11246	attend_school	university
user11246	like_read	1984
user11246	school_status	student
user11247	physical_attribute	brunette
user11247	job_status	employed
user11247	dislike	cleaning
user11247	have_chidren	2 children
user11248	marital_status	married
user11248	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user11248	have_pet	cat
user11248	physical_attribute	sight
user11248	dislike	writing
user11249	nationality	united states
user11249	like_goto	beach
user11249	like_read	mystery
user11249	like_food	pizza
user11250	has_ability	sleeping
user11250	like_sports	sports
user11250	favorite	raptors
user11250	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user11250	want_job	dentist
user11251	like_general	the color blue
user11251	like_music	elvis
user11251	own	blue shoes
user11251	physical_attribute	blue hair
user11251	have_vehicle	car
user11252	like_food	meatloaf
user11252	like_drink	coffee
user11252	like_music	lindsey stirling
user11252	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user11253	have_chidren	1 child
user11253	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user11253	like_activity	gardening
user11253	have_pet	2 dog
user11254	has_profession	coach
user11254	has_degree	graduate
user11255	want_job	designer
user11255	like_activity	shopping
user11255	like_general	fashion designers
user11255	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user11255	like_general	fashion
user11256	have_chidren	twins
user11256	physical_attribute	sick
user11256	physical_attribute	pregnant
user11256	have_chidren	3 children
user11256	has_age	21
user11257	want_do	retire
user11257	physical_attribute	tall
user11257	job_status	not a basketball player
user11257	like_music	the rolling stones
user11257	employed_by_company	ibm
user11258	marital_status	single
user11258	own	1 house
user11258	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user11258	has_ability	play instrument
user11259	like_read	fantasy
user11259	like_activity	hiking
user11259	like_animal	all
user11260	has_ability	singing
user11260	has_profession	actor
user11260	want_job	writer
user11260	like_activity	painting
user11261	has_hobby	baseball
user11261	like_watching	south park
user11261	marital_status	engaged
user11262	dislike	losing things
user11262	like_music	marduk
user11262	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user11262	like_food	fish
user11263	has_hobby	growing sunflowers
user11263	employed_by_general	church
user11263	have_chidren	5 children
user11263	like_read	agatha christie
user11264	other	rich
user11264	other	bankrupt
user11264	previous_profession	casino owner
user11264	has_profession	president
user11264	own	casino
user11265	has_profession	truck driver
user11265	place_origin	virginia
user11265	has_ability	driving
user11266	like_general	blue
user11266	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user11266	like_activity	drawing
user11266	have_sibling	3 sibling
user11267	like_general	deployment
user11267	marital_status	married
user11267	employed_by_company	army rangers
user11267	misc_attribute	brave
user11267	want_job	army
user11268	employed_by_general	retailer
user11268	own	honda civic
user11268	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user11268	like_activity	rock climbing
user11269	own	guns
user11269	dislike	holidays
user11269	marital_status	3 married
user11269	has_profession	police
user11269	have_vehicle	ford
user11270	have_chidren	0 children
user11270	has_profession	"childrens librarian"
user11270	own	wear glasses
user11270	misc_attribute	shy
user11271	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user11271	misc_attribute	friendly
user11271	has_hobby	kayaking
user11271	want_job	teacher
user11272	has_hobby	kayaking
user11272	like_activity	fly model airplane
user11272	like_food	crab
user11272	like_activity	running
user11273	like_general	clothes
user11273	like_food	non-gmo
user11273	has_profession	cashier
user11273	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user11273	like_general	cold weather
user11274	has_profession	yoga instruction
user11274	marital_status	married
user11274	like_general	color: pink
user11274	misc_attribute	distant
user11275	has_profession	commercials
user11275	favorite_music	metal
user11275	like_activity	watching television
user11276	like_activity	sleeping
user11276	has_hobby	cs and ds
user11276	attend_school	high school
user11276	like_food	sweets
user11277	like_watching	anime
user11277	own	2 laptops
user11277	like_food	chocolate
user11278	have_pet	cat
user11278	favorite_food	chicken
user11278	like_music	metallica
user11278	like_goto	gym
user11279	other	ketogenic
user11279	like_movie	<blank>
user11279	employed_by_general	circus
user11280	employed_by_general	diner
user11280	has_ability	to be late
user11280	like_activity	singing
user11280	have	roommate
user11281	like_general	lamp
user11281	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user11281	has_profession	designer
user11281	physical_attribute	tall
user11281	physical_attribute	overweight
user11282	live_in_general	farm
user11282	has_profession	salesman
user11282	like_food	beets
user11282	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user11283	has_ability	feeling lost
user11283	marital_status	married
user11283	have_chidren	2 son
user11283	other	friends.
user11284	has_hobby	yoga
user11284	want	be millionaire
user11284	other	vegan
user11284	like_sports	hockey
user11284	like_watching	sport
user11285	have_chidren	4 daughter
user11285	like_animal	fish
user11285	has_profession	athlete
user11285	like_activity	board games
user11286	has_hobby	writing
user11286	favorite_music	kpop
user11286	like_food	junk food
user11286	like_activity	video games
user11287	teach	first grade
user11287	marital_status	married
user11287	like_drink	iced tea
user11287	has_hobby	shopping
user11288	has_hobby	swimming
user11288	has_ability	play instrument
user11288	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user11288	like_general	blue
user11288	like_goto	concerts
user11289	dislike	family
user11289	want	be an animal
user11289	like_music	classical
user11289	dislike	regular life
user11290	other	tom
user11290	like_food	italian cuisine
user11290	favorite_food	pizza
user11290	misc_attribute	healthy
user11290	other	east asian
user11291	like_goto	museum
user11291	like_goto	dates
user11291	school_status	student
user11291	other	vegan
user11292	employed_by_general	clinic
user11292	have	1 rose tattoo
user11292	attend_school	dental
user11292	have	tattoos
user11292	like_general	silver
user11293	dislike	winter
user11293	has_ability	sleep
user11293	has_profession	electrician
user11293	like_food	hamburgers
user11293	like_sports	running
user11294	have_pet	dog
user11294	like_goto	beeach
user11294	previous_profession	technician
user11294	like_activity	cycling
user11294	like_general	job
user11295	previous_profession	actor
user11295	have	local theater gig
user11295	has_profession	comedian
user11295	place_origin	small town
user11296	gender	female
user11296	live_in_general	rural area
user11296	have_chidren	children
user11297	like_general	money
user11297	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user11297	physical_attribute	blonde
user11297	other	feet smell
user11298	like_music	muggers
user11298	like_activity	surfing
user11298	marital_status	single
user11298	have	bizarre dreams
user11298	has_ability	earn passive income
user11299	like_activity	driving
user11299	have	10 piercings
user11299	<blank>	smoking
user11300	like_activity	camping
user11300	like_general	model building
user11300	have_family	0 mother
user11300	place_origin	england
user11300	like_goto	comedy clubs
user11301	other	lactose intolerant
user11301	have_pet	parakeet
user11301	favorite_color	orange
user11301	like_food	gummy bears
user11301	have	3 roommate
user11302	favorite_book	middlesex
user11302	dislike	country and jazz music
user11302	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user11302	has_hobby	working out
user11303	physical_attribute	attractive
user11303	like_activity	eating
user11303	want	attractive
user11303	physical_attribute	overweight
user11303	other	mother
user11304	employed_by_general	fast food
user11304	have	something purple
user11304	has_hobby	walking
user11304	want	educated
user11305	like_music	blues
user11305	other	puerto rican / chinese
user11305	like_general	prince
user11305	has_ability	2 speak language
user11305	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user11306	like_general	comics
user11306	want_do	give up
user11306	misc_attribute	creative
user11307	has_hobby	yoga
user11307	like_food	italian cuisine
user11307	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user11307	like_goto	italy
user11307	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11308	have_pet	1 dog
user11308	misc_attribute	lazy
user11308	misc_attribute	dull
user11308	dislike	over eating
user11309	have_pet	1 lizard
user11309	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user11309	have_family	only child
user11309	<blank>	plants
user11310	like_activity	shopping
user11310	employed_by_general	office
user11310	have	2 tattoos
user11310	favorite_hobby	knitting
user11311	have_family	grandmother
user11311	favorite_color	red orange
user11311	<blank>	seeking employment
user11311	like_watching	horror
user11311	has_ability	play instrument
user11312	like_general	candles
user11312	like_activity	spending money
user11312	dislike	waking up early
user11312	like_general	rain
user11313	job_status	employed
user11313	like_music	the rolling stones
user11313	like_activity	guitar
user11313	dislike	caffeine
user11314	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user11314	have_chidren	2 son
user11314	like_music	metal
user11314	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user11315	have_pet	horse
user11315	like_drink	beer
user11315	employed_by_general	indie band
user11315	live_in_general	city
user11316	dislike	subtitles
user11316	like_watching	anime
user11316	want_do	save money
user11316	has_ability	speak language
user11317	like_general	impala
user11317	favorite_season	summer
user11317	like_music	classic
user11317	like_activity	fishing
user11318	like_food	mexican cuisine
user11318	has_profession	teacher
user11318	place_origin	new hampshire
user11318	like_activity	dance
user11318	like_read	history
user11319	like_activity	driving
user11319	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user11319	have_family	children
user11319	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user11319	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user11320	marital_status	divorced
user11320	has_hobby	writing
user11320	want	corvette
user11320	like_animal	dog
user11320	has_profession	mall cop
user11321	has_profession	truck driver
user11321	has_profession	driver
user11321	has_hobby	camping
user11321	favorite_hobby	baseball
user11321	have_chidren	2 children
user11322	dislike	social situations
user11322	other	mild ocd
user11322	like_goto	florida
user11322	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user11322	has_profession	freelance accountant
user11323	employed_by_general	hotel
user11323	like_general	snow
user11323	want_do	go to college
user11323	like_activity	surfing
user11324	like_general	vote
user11324	want	truck
user11324	favorite	toyota cars
user11324	dislike	overtime
user11324	employed_by_general	hospital
user11325	like_activity	saving
user11325	employed_by_general	bar
user11325	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user11325	like_music	blues
user11325	has_hobby	skiing
user11326	like_watching	wildlife
user11326	have_pet	several
user11326	like_animal	<blank>
user11326	like_goto	animal shelters
user11327	employed_by_general	hotel
user11327	favorite_music	pop
user11327	like_food	junk food
user11327	has_hobby	writing
user11328	attend_school	graduate school
user11328	has_hobby	cooking
user11328	have_family	niece
user11328	have	obsession with dog
user11328	like_goto	beach
user11329	attend_school	graduate school
user11329	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user11329	other	hindu
user11329	marital_status	divorced
user11330	employed_by_general	hospital
user11330	like_food	pasta
user11330	has_hobby	1 reading
user11330	has_age	20
user11331	like_sports	soccer
user11331	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user11331	favorite_food	healthy
user11331	want	cool
user11332	has_hobby	collecting
user11332	misc_attribute	argumentative
user11332	misc_attribute	lust
user11332	like_food	cakes
user11332	physical_attribute	hears voices
user11333	have_family	grandfather
user11333	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user11333	have_pet	cat
user11334	have_pet	dog
user11334	favorite	holiday is halloween
user11334	own	bike
user11334	like_drink	milk shakes
user11335	favorite_show	silicon valley
user11335	has_profession	baker
user11335	has_hobby	tennis
user11335	have_sibling	2 sister
user11336	like_music	pop
user11336	like_food	mcdonalds
user11336	like_watching	nascar
user11336	want	house on beach
user11337	has_ability	2 speak language
user11337	like_activity	cooking
user11337	marital_status	married
user11337	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user11337	have_chidren	3 children
user11338	has_ability	computer repair
user11338	physical_attribute	red hair
user11338	like_food	meat
user11338	live_in_general	far from home
user11339	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user11339	misc_attribute	shy
user11339	has_hobby	cloud watching
user11339	has_profession	salesman
user11339	favorite	costco
user11340	like_music	adam levine
user11340	marital_status	widow
user11340	like_activity	photography
user11340	want_job	photographer
user11340	want_do	photography
user11341	have	allergy
user11341	employed_by_general	arena
user11341	want_job	actress
user11341	has_profession	writer
user11342	like_read	<blank>
user11342	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user11342	marital_status	divorced
user11342	employed_by_general	hospital
user11343	like_general	place
user11343	misc_attribute	intelligent
user11343	own	wear contacts
user11343	like_drink	whiskey
user11344	dislike	boss
user11344	has_profession	manager
user11344	misc_attribute	lose control
user11345	employed_by_general	hotel
user11345	like_activity	video games
user11345	has_hobby	writing
user11345	like_food	junk food
user11346	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user11346	has_profession	salesman
user11346	has_hobby	cloud watching
user11346	favorite	costco
user11346	misc_attribute	shy
user11347	marital_status	dating
user11347	has_age	20
user11347	employed_by_general	real estate
user11347	favorite	daisy
user11347	like_activity	singing
user11348	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user11348	like_activity	dancing
user11348	other	allergic to shellfish
user11348	like_sports	equestrian
user11349	has_hobby	reading
user11349	other	sarah
user11349	has_profession	teacher
user11349	has_profession	teacher
user11349	has_hobby	watching television
user11350	has_hobby	sewing
user11350	have	garden
user11350	like_activity	swimming
user11350	like_activity	baking
user11351	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user11351	have_vehicle	prius
user11351	like_general	red
user11351	like_activity	dance
user11352	other	adopted
user11352	have	birth mother
user11352	have_sibling	sibling
user11352	favorite	christmas
user11352	employed_by_general	a local party store
user11353	have_vehicle	boat
user11353	like_general	shoes
user11353	favorite_book	jane austen
user11353	like_food	fish
user11353	live_in_general	near the ocean
user11354	attend_school	none
user11354	misc_attribute	always early
user11354	school_status	graduate student
user11354	school_status	student
user11355	dislike	formal situations
user11355	like_activity	hiking
user11355	have_family	<blank>
user11355	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user11356	like_activity	traveling
user11356	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user11356	like_activity	mountain biking
user11356	like_activity	hiking
user11357	like_food	french fries
user11357	own	olympic medal
user11357	like_music	queens of the stone age
user11357	want	medication
user11358	like_activity	baking
user11358	like_activity	horseback riding
user11358	place_origin	texas
user11358	favorite	rose
user11359	has_profession	general
user11359	has_hobby	larp
user11359	has_ability	to move out
user11359	has_age	32
user11359	have_family	father
user11360	has_hobby	traveling
user11360	dislike	fish
user11360	like_activity	painting
user11360	have_pet	23 cat
user11361	live_in_general	apartment
user11361	has_age	25
user11361	have_chidren	daughter
user11362	like_animal	panda
user11362	want_do	open a business
user11362	other	vegetarian
user11363	employed_by_general	hospital
user11363	like_read	<blank>
user11363	has_profession	nurse
user11363	marital_status	divorced
user11363	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user11364	like_activity	fishing
user11364	has_hobby	drink beers
user11364	misc_attribute	simple
user11364	like_activity	fishing
user11364	dislike	pretty
user11365	attend_school	university
user11365	other	youngest
user11365	like_read	mystery
user11365	attend_school	graduate school
user11365	has_hobby	tennis
user11366	favorite_music_artist	creed
user11366	like_sports	running
user11366	have	welfare
user11366	other	carnivore
user11367	own	cds
user11367	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user11367	has_ability	play instrument
user11367	like_general	furniture
user11368	place_origin	kansas
user11368	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11368	has_ability	drive truck
user11368	like_animal	chicken
user11368	like_food	egg
user11369	<blank>	<blank>
user11369	live_in_general	alone
user11369	has_hobby	shopping
user11369	misc_attribute	cold
user11370	have_pet	dog
user11370	has_hobby	fishing
user11370	like_music	charlie daniels
user11370	marital_status	married
user11371	like_watching	tv
user11371	like_activity	reading
user11371	other	vegetarian
user11371	favorite_book	harry potter books
user11372	have	1 new house
user11372	other	gay
user11372	has_ability	brewing
user11372	like_activity	making coffee
user11372	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user11373	have_vehicle	car
user11373	like_general	the color blue
user11373	own	blue shoes
user11373	like_music	elvis
user11374	favorite_music	rock
user11374	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user11374	has_profession	farmer
user11374	want	travel
user11374	have_pet	2 dog
user11375	has_profession	teacher
user11375	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user11375	like_general	kids
user11375	misc_attribute	organized
user11375	misc_attribute	overeat
user11376	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user11376	dislike	math
user11376	own	clothing
user11377	other	omar
user11377	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user11377	have_sibling	brother
user11377	has_ability	play instrument
user11377	have	0 cities
user11378	employed_by_general	bank
user11378	marital_status	divorced
user11378	has_hobby	teapots
user11378	like_animal	cat
user11379	has_hobby	cooking
user11379	<blank>	<blank>
user11379	has_ability	play instrument
user11379	has_profession	scientist
user11380	like_food	fast
user11380	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user11380	has_profession	national guard officer
user11380	like_general	weather
user11380	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user11381	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user11381	favorite_movie	titanic
user11381	have_chidren	2 children
user11382	has_degree	0 college
user11382	misc_attribute	above average
user11382	like_general	desert
user11382	like_food	meat
user11382	physical_attribute	eyes
user11383	has_profession	cashier
user11383	has_age	25
user11383	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user11383	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user11384	like_music	classical
user11384	like_activity	travel
user11384	has_ability	play instrument
user11384	like_activity	cooking
user11384	has_ability	play instrument
user11385	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user11385	have_sibling	1 sister
user11385	school_status	student
user11385	like_food	cakes
user11386	have_family	adopted
user11386	have_family	only child
user11386	has_hobby	horseback riding
user11386	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user11387	like_activity	cooking
user11387	has_hobby	gardening
user11387	live_in_general	small city
user11387	have_chidren	children
user11388	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user11388	has_hobby	traveling
user11388	physical_attribute	tattooed
user11388	has_profession	truck driver
user11388	has_age	43
user11389	like_music	all american rejecs
user11389	has_ability	run marathons
user11389	has_profession	athlete
user11389	have_pet	3 dog
user11390	has_profession	doctor
user11390	marital_status	single
user11390	like_animal	dog
user11390	like_read	<blank>
user11391	like_general	summer
user11391	like_food	mexican cuisine
user11391	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user11391	have_chidren	2 children
user11392	want_do	reading
user11392	have_vehicle	honda
user11392	want_do	<blank>
user11392	like_activity	talking
user11392	like_watching	sitcoms
user11393	has_ability	scream
user11393	attend_school	homeschool
user11393	dislike	people
user11393	misc_attribute	artistic
user11394	dislike	sleeping in
user11394	want	know
user11394	has_hobby	writing
user11394	job_status	employed
user11395	physical_attribute	hungry
user11395	misc_attribute	insecure
user11395	want	corvette
user11395	marital_status	married
user11396	have_chidren	3 children
user11396	want_job	casino manager
user11396	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user11396	has_ability	card countin
user11397	like_music	madonna
user11397	like_music	any
user11397	like_music	10 concerts
user11398	like_read	<blank>
user11398	like_music	country
user11398	like_animal	animals
user11398	other	vegan
user11399	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user11399	misc_attribute	slow
user11399	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user11399	want	vacation
user11400	have_family	mother
user11400	favorite_season	summer
user11400	have_pet	cat
user11400	have	birthday in june
user11401	has_ability	play instrument
user11401	want_job	software engineer
user11401	school_status	student
user11401	like_activity	working out
user11402	has_profession	teacher
user11403	favorite_music	rock
user11403	like_sports	skiing
user11403	attend_school	university
user11403	has_hobby	traveling
user11404	have_chidren	child
user11404	dislike	running
user11404	has_ability	running
user11405	misc_attribute	religious
user11405	have_pet	2 dog
user11405	like_activity	reading
user11405	marital_status	single
user11405	other	wrote a book
user11406	have_family	adopted
user11406	has_hobby	horseback riding
user11406	misc_attribute	cold
user11406	have_family	only child
user11406	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user11407	live_in_general	farm
user11407	have	beard
user11407	like_music	rap
user11407	own	truck
user11407	school_status	graduated
user11408	physical_attribute	tall
user11408	like_read	<blank>
user11408	have	survived
user11408	like_activity	driving
user11409	have	boyfriend
user11409	has_hobby	jogging
user11409	has_ability	donor
user11409	has_profession	waiter
user11410	has_hobby	singing
user11410	favorite_place	florida
user11410	favorite_color	yellow
user11410	like_activity	skiing
user11411	have_family	grandchild
user11411	like_animal	dragon
user11411	has_hobby	driving
user11411	like_general	sunshine
user11411	misc_attribute	confused
user11412	have_pet	dog
user11412	like_general	red
user11412	have_family	only child
user11413	dislike	regular expressions
user11413	other	allergic to lactose
user11413	like_food	fried
user11413	other	six months to live
user11414	like_activity	hiking
user11414	has_ability	speak language
user11414	has_profession	barista
user11414	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user11415	misc_attribute	lazy
user11415	misc_attribute	weird
user11415	have	2 hair
user11415	physical_attribute	<blank>
user11416	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user11416	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user11416	like_food	spaghetti
user11416	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user11417	place_origin	san francisco
user11417	like_animal	dog
user11417	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user11417	have_sibling	1 sister
user11417	like_activity	travel
user11418	like_activity	traveling
user11418	physical_attribute	brunette
user11418	like_food	snack
user11418	favorite_music	country
user11419	has_profession	car maker
user11419	like_sports	water ski
user11419	have	money
user11419	like_food	macaroni
user11419	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user11420	have	girlfriend
user11420	physical_attribute	pink hair
user11420	live_in_general	city
user11420	employed_by_general	bookstore
user11421	have	red purse
user11421	have_vehicle	car
user11421	<blank>	<blank>
user11421	like_general	red shoes
user11421	own	red lipstick
user11422	attend_school	alabama university
user11422	have	girlfriend
user11422	misc_attribute	anxious
user11422	dislike	alcohol
user11422	like_sports	football
user11423	school_status	student
user11423	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user11423	have_pet	cat
user11423	favorite	rose
user11423	has_age	21
user11424	like_sports	water ski
user11424	have	money
user11424	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user11424	has_profession	car maker
user11425	employed_by_general	factory
user11425	like_activity	sleeping
user11425	misc_attribute	lazy
user11425	misc_attribute	antisocial
user11426	other	parents are teachers
user11426	has_hobby	hunting
user11426	have_pet	2 cat
user11426	like_goto	local animal shelter
user11426	have_chidren	2 children
user11427	have_vehicle	moped
user11427	<blank>	<blank>
user11427	favorite	halo 3
user11427	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user11428	like_sports	hockey
user11428	attend_school	high school
user11428	has_hobby	travel
user11428	have_family	mother
user11429	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user11429	<blank>	<blank>
user11429	have_pet	iguana
user11429	like_sports	football
user11430	misc_attribute	overeat
user11430	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user11430	like_general	kids
user11430	misc_attribute	organized
user11430	has_profession	teacher
user11431	like_food	meat
user11431	live_in_general	far from home
user11431	has_ability	computer repair
user11432	like_general	helping others
user11432	has_degree	nursing
user11432	favorite_food	sushi
user11433	like_activity	reading
user11433	physical_attribute	round
user11433	physical_attribute	short
user11433	misc_attribute	smart
user11433	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user11434	have_family	grandmother
user11434	has_ability	play instrument
user11434	<blank>	seeking employment
user11434	like_watching	horror
user11435	has_age	30
user11435	job_status	employed
user11435	has_degree	marketing
user11435	physical_attribute	colorblind
user11436	like_watching	wildlife
user11436	like_watching	animals
user11436	like_goto	animal shelters
user11436	like_animal	<blank>
user11437	have_pet	dog
user11437	<blank>	<blank>
user11437	has_ability	play instrument
user11437	<blank>	<blank>
user11438	has_profession	designer
user11438	has_profession	design video games
user11439	has_ability	to move out
user11439	has_hobby	larp
user11439	has_profession	general
user11439	has_age	32
user11440	employed_by_general	grocery store
user11440	like_activity	skin care
user11440	like_general	dress up
user11440	misc_attribute	ambitious
user11440	dislike	cooking
user11441	has_ability	writing a novel
user11441	favorite_color	black
user11441	own	iphone
user11441	favorite_show	rick and morty
user11442	live_in_general	farm
user11442	own	truck
user11442	school_status	graduated
user11442	have	beard
user11443	have_family	1 sibling
user11443	attend_school	university
user11443	like_sports	hockey
user11444	like_drink	coke
user11444	like_activity	baking
user11444	like_activity	running
user11444	like_animal	dog
user11445	has_profession	comedian
user11445	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user11445	place_origin	small town
user11445	previous_profession	actor
user11445	have	local theater gig
user11446	employed_by_general	online
user11446	like_music	the story so far
user11446	previous_profession	factory worker
user11446	like_food	meat
user11446	previous_profession	musician
user11447	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user11447	has_hobby	archery
user11447	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user11447	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user11447	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11448	have_vehicle	car
user11448	own	red lipstick
user11448	<blank>	<blank>
user11448	like_general	red shoes
user11448	have	red purse
user11449	dislike	traffic
user11449	has_hobby	listens
user11449	other	am diabetic
user11449	have_vehicle	<blank>
user11450	like_general	blue
user11450	have	condo
user11450	like_activity	cycling
user11450	like_general	reduit
user11450	has_profession	salesman
user11451	dislike	flowers
user11451	physical_attribute	going bald
user11451	has_ability	play instrument
user11451	like_general	jimmy fallon
user11451	has_ability	making clothing
user11452	have_chidren	4 children
user11452	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user11452	like_read	<blank>
user11453	marital_status	married
user11453	have_pet	2 <blank>
user11453	have_chidren	2 children
user11453	has_age	30
user11453	like_activity	walking
user11454	want	faster computer
user11454	favorite	actress
user11454	like_activity	standing in the rain
user11454	dislike	summer
user11455	like_general	impala
user11455	like_music	classic
user11455	favorite_season	summer
user11455	like_activity	fishing
user11456	physical_attribute	6 tall
user11456	want	to be something else
user11456	has_ability	speak language
user11456	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user11457	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user11457	like_activity	hiking
user11457	has_profession	barista
user11458	have_vehicle	acura
user11458	like_sports	basketball
user11458	favorite_drink	beer coors
user11459	favorite_movie	good burger
user11459	like_activity	whittling
user11459	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user11459	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user11460	like_read	<blank>
user11460	like_activity	working out
user11460	employed_by_general	magazine
user11460	like_activity	game halo
user11461	favorite_color	purple
user11461	like_animal	dog
user11461	like_sports	swimming
user11461	has_hobby	listen to the band korn
user11461	own	home
user11462	want	pot bellied pig
user11462	like_read	anne of green gables
user11462	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user11462	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user11463	have_family	sibling
user11463	physical_attribute	pink hair
user11463	employed_by_general	hospital
user11463	other	allergic to bees
user11463	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user11464	has_hobby	driving
user11464	has_profession	disc jockey
user11464	other	am blind
user11464	have	friends
user11464	physical_attribute	handicapped
user11465	have_sibling	brother
user11465	like_food	popcorn
user11465	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user11465	has_hobby	horseback riding
user11466	has_hobby	tennis
user11466	favorite_food	hamburger
user11466	favorite	hamilton
user11466	has_profession	accountant
user11466	like_general	red
user11467	has_profession	yoga instruction
user11467	misc_attribute	healthy
user11467	like_movie	romantic comedy
user11467	like_activity	writing
user11468	misc_attribute	antisocial
user11468	misc_attribute	lazy
user11468	employed_by_general	factory
user11468	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11469	have_chidren	1 child
user11469	has_ability	cheap
user11469	dislike	work
user11469	own	company
user11469	attend_school	high school
user11470	place_origin	spain
user11470	has_profession	programmer
user11470	have_family	step dad
user11470	like_general	cardigans
user11470	dislike	dad
user11471	like_music	<blank>
user11471	like_activity	cycling
user11471	like_activity	skateboarding
user11471	other	vegan
user11471	like_music	guitar
user11472	live_in_general	near the ocean
user11472	like_sports	surfing
user11472	physical_attribute	brunette
user11472	dislike	red meat
user11473	has_hobby	cooking
user11473	attend_school	graduate school
user11473	school_status	student
user11474	school_status	graduated
user11474	school_status	will study computer science
user11474	other	vegetarian
user11474	like_activity	video games
user11474	school_status	student
user11475	job_status	employed
user11475	like_animal	cat
user11475	like_activity	travel
user11475	like_general	car
user11475	favorite_color	green
user11476	like_animal	dogs and cats
user11476	live_in_general	house
user11476	have	friends
user11477	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user11477	dislike	writing
user11477	have_pet	cat
user11477	marital_status	married
user11477	physical_attribute	sight
user11478	have_vehicle	bicycle
user11478	have_pet	3 dog
user11478	dislike	working out
user11478	has_ability	play instrument
user11478	have	blood sugar problems
user11479	physical_attribute	6 tall
user11479	other	tall family.
user11479	like_activity	running
user11479	like_goto	school
user11479	like_activity	dancing
user11480	own	iphone 7
user11480	like_drink	chocolate
user11480	have	allergy
user11481	like_goto	library
user11481	have_sibling	2 brother
user11481	has_ability	play instrument
user11481	school_status	student
user11482	employed_by_company	computer company
user11482	have_chidren	5 children
user11482	school_status	student
user11483	like_activity	horseback riding
user11483	have	homes
user11483	like_general	cars
user11483	other	eat less meat than usual
user11484	has_profession	mortician
user11484	like_general	colors
user11484	want_do	pilot
user11484	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user11484	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user11485	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user11485	like_activity	reading
user11486	job_status	not a basketball player
user11486	like_music	the rolling stones
user11486	want_do	retire
user11486	employed_by_company	ibm
user11487	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user11487	other	catholic
user11487	has_ability	not swim
user11487	other	vegetarian
user11487	job_status	employed
user11488	like_food	sweets
user11488	misc_attribute	unsociable
user11488	other	jack of all trades
user11488	gender	male
user11488	misc_attribute	careful
user11489	like_general	strangers
user11489	want_do	<blank>
user11489	like_food	honey
user11489	favorite_animal	monkey
user11489	has_ability	throwing parties
user11490	like_music	funk rock
user11490	like_food	taco
user11490	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user11490	have_pet	cat
user11490	like_watching	movies
user11491	has_profession	doctor
user11491	like_animal	dog
user11491	marital_status	single
user11491	favorite	flower is a lily
user11491	like_read	<blank>
user11492	want	pot bellied pig
user11492	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user11492	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user11493	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user11493	want_do	video games
user11493	like_activity	staying up late
user11493	have_sibling	sibling
user11494	like_activity	sewing
user11494	job_status	employed
user11494	like_animal	animals
user11494	employed_by_company	peta
user11495	like_animal	unicorn
user11495	has_ability	playing pool
user11495	want_do	travel
user11495	teach	arts
user11496	like_activity	staying up late
user11496	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user11496	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user11496	want_do	video games
user11496	have_sibling	sibling
user11497	misc_attribute	sad
user11497	like_activity	sculpting
user11497	have	shot lion
user11497	has_hobby	artist
user11498	school_status	student
user11498	place_origin	new york
user11498	want_job	teacher
user11498	like_sports	football
user11499	like_activity	fixing
user11499	employed_by_general	large company
user11499	like_music	classic rock
user11499	like_drink	beer
user11500	have_vehicle	car
user11500	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11500	has_ability	0 run very fast
user11500	physical_attribute	skinny
user11500	favorite_drink	coffee
user11501	favorite_color	yellow
user11501	employed_by_general	magazine
user11501	like_read	<blank>
user11501	like_activity	game halo
user11502	misc_attribute	friendly
user11502	physical_attribute	red hair
user11502	have_vehicle	scooter
user11502	other	nick
user11502	dislike	music
user11503	favorite_animal	zebra
user11503	like_activity	outdoors
user11503	attend_school	preschool
user11503	gender	female
user11503	like_activity	dance
user11504	have_pet	cat
user11504	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user11504	previous_profession	nurse
user11504	like_activity	cooking
user11505	like_sports	cycling
user11505	has_ability	3 speak language
user11505	favorite_activity	outdoors
user11505	has_ability	cook
user11506	physical_attribute	tall
user11506	like_read	<blank>
user11506	like_activity	driving
user11506	have	survived
user11507	has_profession	mall cop
user11507	marital_status	divorced
user11507	like_animal	dog
user11507	want	corvette
user11507	has_hobby	writing
user11508	other	see therapist
user11508	misc_attribute	aloof
user11509	marital_status	married
user11509	has_profession	factory worker
user11509	want_job	musician
user11509	job_status	employed
user11509	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user11510	place_origin	farm
user11510	has_profession	veterinarian
user11510	have_family	2 nephew
user11510	has_hobby	running
user11511	other	8 grandchildren
user11511	physical_attribute	attractive
user11511	has_hobby	working out
user11511	own	wear glasses
user11512	have_family	mother
user11512	other	allergies
user11512	like_general	line drying clothing
user11512	want	ferret
user11512	has_hobby	blogging
user11513	have_vehicle	junk
user11513	want_do	fix
user11513	misc_attribute	active
user11513	like_general	vinyl records
user11513	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user11514	have	birthday in june
user11514	have_family	mother
user11514	have_pet	cat
user11514	favorite_season	summer
user11515	want_do	go to beach
user11515	have_family	sibling
user11515	like_animal	parrot
user11515	other	disappointment
user11516	attend_school	stanford
user11516	has_profession	athlete
user11516	marital_status	married
user11516	favorite	thierry henry
user11517	like_activity	baking
user11517	other	vegetarian
user11517	like_general	internet
user11517	job_status	employed
user11517	favorite_music	country
user11518	like_food	meat
user11518	has_profession	finance
user11518	like_music	rap
user11518	favorite_food	steak
user11519	has_hobby	writing
user11519	has_hobby	found blogs
user11519	like_activity	reading
user11519	have	thoughts
user11519	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user11520	like_sports	cycling
user11520	has_ability	cook
user11520	has_ability	3 speak language
user11520	favorite_activity	outdoors
user11521	like_activity	cleaning
user11521	has_hobby	watching movies
user11521	have_chidren	children
user11521	like_food	fast food
user11521	misc_attribute	tired
user11522	misc_attribute	shallow
user11522	want	pet
user11522	own	money
user11523	like_general	cold weather
user11523	favorite_season	winter
user11523	like_goto	walmart
user11523	dislike	heights
user11523	like_watching	game of thrones
user11524	have	a beer
user11524	has_profession	roofer
user11524	favorite_food	steak
user11524	have_vehicle	truck
user11524	like_sports	football
user11525	like_activity	ballet
user11525	favorite_color	purple
user11525	physical_attribute	blonde
user11526	other	beard
user11526	have_family	8 brother
user11526	physical_attribute	short
user11527	like_food	beef
user11527	other	<blank>
user11527	have_pet	dog
user11527	like_activity	video games
user11527	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user11528	dislike	heights
user11528	has_ability	play instrument
user11528	have	been cheated on
user11528	have_family	1 twins
user11529	attend_school	law school
user11529	other	birth date
user11529	has_ability	baking
user11530	like_food	burrito
user11530	like_general	shoes
user11530	like_activity	shopping
user11530	like_activity	dance
user11530	like_food	pizza
user11531	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user11531	dislike	riding the bus
user11531	like_general	littlest things
user11531	job_status	employed
user11532	employed_by_general	flower shop
user11532	other	vegetarian
user11532	like_animal	cat
user11532	has_hobby	reading
user11533	misc_attribute	lose control
user11533	dislike	boss
user11533	like_music	bob marley
user11533	has_profession	manager
user11534	live_in_general	on lake
user11534	dislike	school
user11534	physical_attribute	average american youth
user11534	misc_attribute	romantic
user11534	like_activity	walking
user11535	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user11535	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user11535	like_read	crime
user11536	have_pet	dog
user11536	like_activity	video games
user11536	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user11536	like_food	fish
user11537	has_profession	paramedic
user11537	like_activity	fishing
user11537	marital_status	single
user11537	like_music	rap
user11537	have_family	mother
user11538	employed_by_company	facebook
user11538	has_profession	programmer
user11538	have_pet	2 dog
user11538	like_activity	donate time
user11538	job_status	employed
user11539	has_hobby	art
user11539	have_chidren	3 children
user11539	has_hobby	martial arts
user11539	want	go to mars
user11540	has_hobby	boat making
user11540	like_activity	fishing
user11540	have_pet	dog
user11540	live_in_general	island
user11541	like_general	helping others
user11541	has_degree	nursing
user11541	favorite_food	sushi
user11542	like_music	all american rejecs
user11542	has_ability	run marathons
user11542	dislike	sweet potatoes
user11542	have_pet	3 dog
user11543	other	vegetarian
user11543	has_hobby	reading
user11543	like_activity	writing
user11543	has_profession	bartender
user11543	previous_profession	marine
user11544	has_ability	6 tv news
user11544	has_hobby	travel
user11544	like_activity	reenactment
user11545	like_food	chocolate
user11545	<blank>	play instrument
user11545	have_family	sibling
user11545	has_hobby	geocache
user11545	has_profession	psychologist
user11546	attend_school	high school
user11546	like_sports	hockey
user11546	has_hobby	travel
user11546	have_family	mother
user11547	favorite_music_artist	muse
user11547	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user11547	employed_by_company	walmart
user11547	like_food	food with no animal product
user11548	has_ability	cook
user11548	dislike	traffic
user11548	other	vegetarian
user11548	dislike	beet
user11548	like_activity	sleeping
user11549	misc_attribute	confident
user11549	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user11549	like_food	fish
user11549	other	democrat
user11550	like_animal	butterfly
user11550	like_animal	cat
user11550	like_activity	being weird
user11550	like_watching	anime
user11550	like_general	my little pony
user11551	have	girlfriend
user11551	attend_school	alabama university
user11551	dislike	alcohol
user11551	like_sports	football
user11552	employed_by_general	grocery store
user11552	favorite_show	scooby doo
user11552	has_hobby	drawing
user11552	employed_by_general	club
user11553	has_ability	swim
user11553	previous_profession	not stated
user11553	like_general	anime
user11554	employed_by_company	army rangers
user11554	like_general	deployment
user11554	marital_status	married
user11554	want_job	army
user11554	misc_attribute	brave
user11555	have_sibling	sister
user11555	other	vegetarian
user11555	job_status	employed
user11555	have_pet	4 cat
user11556	like_activity	baking
user11556	like_activity	swimming
user11556	has_hobby	sewing
user11556	employed_by_company	grocery store
user11556	have	garden
user11557	favorite_book	stephen king
user11557	has_ability	digital art
user11557	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user11557	favorite_hobby	reading
user11558	misc_attribute	smart
user11558	have_pet	dog
user11559	have	money
user11559	dislike	punching clocks
user11559	has_hobby	gambling
user11559	previous_profession	telemarketer
user11559	like_activity	playing the lottery
user11560	job_status	employed
user11560	have_vehicle	car
user11560	job_status	work all the time
user11561	physical_attribute	short
user11561	has_hobby	tap dancing
user11561	has_hobby	baking
user11561	have_sibling	twin brother
user11561	favorite_book	david copperfield
user11562	has_hobby	skiing
user11562	like_music	blues
user11562	like_activity	saving
user11562	employed_by_general	bar
user11563	want	go to mars
user11563	have_chidren	3 children
user11563	has_hobby	martial arts
user11563	has_hobby	art
user11563	has_profession	scientist
user11564	has_ability	speak language
user11564	have_pet	1 dog
user11564	want_job	actor
user11564	live_in_general	los angeles
user11564	has_ability	dance and sing
user11565	like_activity	cooking
user11565	want_job	restauranteur
user11565	favorite_color	hunter green
user11565	has_hobby	movies
user11565	has_profession	chef
user11566	has_age	19
user11566	has_hobby	baseball
user11566	like_sports	baseball
user11566	has_hobby	baseball
user11566	favorite	mike trout
user11567	has_ability	play instrument
user11567	like_goto	national parks
user11567	have	husband
user11567	has_profession	nurse
user11568	misc_attribute	impressed
user11568	job_status	seeking employment
user11568	has_profession	small business owner
user11568	has_degree	graduate
user11569	misc_attribute	lively
user11569	misc_attribute	skeptical
user11569	have	3 thumbs
user11569	like_general	color red
user11570	like_activity	hunting
user11570	like_food	meat
user11570	have_vehicle	truck
user11570	like_music	country
user11571	has_hobby	cooking
user11571	have	obsession with dog
user11571	school_status	graduate student
user11571	other	am the best aunt
user11572	want_do	video games
user11572	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user11572	have_sibling	sibling
user11572	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user11572	like_activity	staying up late
user11573	<blank>	<blank>
user11573	have_pet	2 dog
user11573	like_activity	hunting
user11573	dislike	broccoli
user11574	attend_school	university
user11574	like_sports	football
user11574	misc_attribute	healthy
user11574	has_hobby	exercise
user11575	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user11575	has_profession	party planning
user11576	job_status	employed
user11576	marital_status	married
user11576	school_status	student
user11576	like_general	blue
user11577	has_profession	car maker
user11577	like_sports	water ski
user11577	like_food	macaroni
user11577	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user11577	have	money
user11578	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11578	place_origin	kansas
user11578	like_animal	chicken
user11578	like_food	egg
user11579	like_general	red
user11579	like_activity	dance
user11579	have_vehicle	prius
user11579	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user11580	other	adopted
user11580	favorite	christmas
user11580	have	birth mother
user11580	employed_by_general	a local party store
user11581	like_read	<blank>
user11581	school_status	student
user11581	other	vegan
user11581	like_animal	animals
user11581	like_music	country
user11582	like_food	beef
user11582	other	<blank>
user11582	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user11582	like_activity	video games
user11582	have_pet	dog
user11583	like_activity	gardening
user11583	like_general	crystals
user11583	favorite_food	onion
user11583	physical_attribute	curly
user11584	like_general	clothes
user11584	like_general	cold weather
user11584	has_profession	cashier
user11584	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user11585	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user11585	like_activity	dance
user11585	like_general	red
user11585	have_vehicle	prius
user11586	place_origin	farm
user11586	has_profession	veterinarian
user11586	has_hobby	running
user11586	have_family	2 nephew
user11587	like_general	self
user11587	misc_attribute	suspicious
user11587	has_hobby	check reflection
user11587	has_hobby	shopping
user11588	have	many girlfriends
user11588	like_general	boots
user11588	like_food	beef
user11589	have	10 piercings
user11589	misc_attribute	friendly
user11589	<blank>	smoking
user11589	like_activity	driving
user11589	favorite_food	italian
user11590	like_activity	eating
user11590	want	attractive
user11590	other	mother
user11590	physical_attribute	attractive
user11590	physical_attribute	overweight
user11591	school_status	dropped out
user11591	has_ability	read foreign language
user11591	like_activity	reading
user11591	has_ability	read
user11591	like_activity	reading
user11592	like_watching	british
user11592	like_animal	animals
user11592	previous_profession	programmer
user11592	have	2 grandchildren
user11593	have_pet	dog
user11593	misc_attribute	colorful
user11593	has_profession	accountant
user11594	like_general	technology
user11594	want	find easy ways to make money
user11594	want_do	invest in stock market
user11594	like_read	news
user11594	has_ability	website design
user11595	like_general	it
user11595	like_drink	beer
user11595	like_activity	football
user11596	want_job	employment
user11596	have_chidren	2 children
user11596	has_ability	3 speak language
user11596	other	colour blind
user11597	favorite_movie	disney movies
user11597	have_family	parents
user11597	like_sports	soccer
user11597	has_profession	waitress
user11597	has_hobby	reading
user11598	favorite_music_artist	vv nation
user11598	like_food	pretzels
user11598	employed_by_general	railroad
user11598	other	omnivore
user11599	like_food	taco
user11599	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user11599	like_watching	movies
user11599	like_music	funk rock
user11599	have_pet	cat
user11600	previous_profession	factory worker
user11600	like_food	meat
user11600	like_music	the story so far
user11600	employed_by_general	online
user11600	previous_profession	musician
user11601	physical_attribute	brunette
user11601	physical_attribute	athletic
user11601	like_activity	cycling
user11601	like_food	carrots
user11601	own	wear contacts
user11602	want_do	major in business
user11602	has_age	18
user11602	have_vehicle	car
user11602	have	scholarship
user11602	school_status	graduated
user11603	has_hobby	cooking
user11603	attend_school	classes
user11603	misc_attribute	persistent
user11603	like_activity	cooking
user11604	job_status	employed
user11604	has_degree	education
user11604	like_general	children
user11604	job_status	employed
user11605	like_activity	skateboarding
user11605	like_general	<blank>
user11605	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user11605	have_pet	4 cat
user11605	own	30 shoes
user11606	physical_attribute	beard
user11606	like_sports	cycling
user11606	have_pet	dog
user11606	like_activity	football
user11607	has_ability	lie
user11607	has_hobby	painting
user11607	has_hobby	painting
user11607	have	won lottery
user11608	like_activity	watching television
user11608	attend_school	university
user11608	like_sports	<blank>
user11608	have	been in two car crashes
user11608	like_drink	water
user11609	want_do	photography
user11609	place_origin	austin
user11609	misc_attribute	upset
user11609	like_general	social media
user11609	like_activity	cooking
user11610	like_watching	foreign
user11610	like_activity	learning
user11610	want_do	speak language
user11610	misc_attribute	bored
user11610	own	computer
user11611	has_hobby	geocache
user11611	have_family	sibling
user11611	<blank>	play instrument
user11611	like_food	chocolate
user11611	has_profession	psychologist
user11612	employed_by_company	ibm
user11612	job_status	not a basketball player
user11612	physical_attribute	tall
user11612	want_do	retire
user11613	have	condition
user11613	dislike	spider
user11613	has_ability	left sock first.
user11613	favorite_activity	pray
user11614	employed_by_general	daycare
user11614	have	a significant other
user11614	attend_school	university
user11615	like_activity	reading
user11615	other	wrote a book
user11615	have_pet	2 dog
user11615	misc_attribute	religious
user11616	live_in_general	a cold location
user11616	like_activity	fishing
user11616	other	viking
user11617	has_age	under 50
user11617	like_food	cheese
user11617	dislike	driving
user11617	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11617	like_music	backstreet boys
user11618	like_watching	youtube
user11618	like_activity	sleeping
user11618	physical_attribute	brunette
user11618	has_profession	author
user11619	live_in_general	pig farm
user11619	other	vegetarian
user11619	have	allergies
user11619	want_do	<blank>
user11619	dislike	animals in general
user11620	have	tattoos
user11620	school_status	student
user11620	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11620	have	1 rose tattoo
user11620	like_general	silver
user11621	want_do	schooling
user11621	like_watching	netflix
user11621	want_do	<blank>
user11621	have_sibling	sister
user11622	like_goto	school
user11622	like_activity	dancing
user11622	like_activity	running
user11622	other	tall family.
user11623	dislike	country and jazz music
user11623	has_hobby	working out
user11623	favorite_food	italian
user11623	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user11624	physical_attribute	6 tall
user11624	like_goto	school
user11624	like_activity	running
user11624	other	tall family.
user11624	like_activity	dancing
user11625	want_do	exercise
user11625	has_profession	<blank>
user11625	job_status	unemployed
user11625	like_watching	sun rise
user11625	like_activity	watching sunsets
user11626	like_goto	comic-con
user11626	like_music	techno
user11626	like_general	anime
user11627	have	6 shoe size women
user11627	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user11627	has_ability	play instrument
user11627	have_pet	1 dog
user11627	want_job	journalist
user11628	other	viking
user11628	live_in_general	a cold location
user11628	have	beard
user11628	like_activity	fishing
user11629	have_chidren	grandchildren
user11629	has_hobby	quilting
user11629	misc_attribute	wild
user11629	has_profession	pharmacist
user11629	like_music	classical
user11630	have_pet	2 dog
user11630	like_activity	cooking
user11630	dislike	clowns
user11630	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user11631	has_profession	teacher
user11631	like_activity	shopping
user11632	like_general	summer
user11632	have_chidren	2 children
user11632	like_food	mexican cuisine
user11632	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user11633	like_activity	cycling
user11633	like_goto	beeach
user11633	have_pet	dog
user11633	like_general	job
user11633	previous_profession	technician
user11634	has_hobby	football
user11634	like_general	politics
user11634	employed_by_general	candy store
user11634	marital_status	married
user11635	like_general	computers
user11635	like_activity	0 thinking
user11635	has_ability	math
user11635	have_sibling	sibling
user11636	other	vegan
user11636	misc_attribute	ocd
user11636	member_of	church
user11636	teach	children
user11637	marital_status	single
user11637	favorite	subject was science
user11637	favorite_hobby	reading
user11637	favorite_food	pizza
user11638	has_hobby	chess
user11638	has_profession	security guard
user11638	other	saw a solar eclipse
user11638	have	high speed internet
user11639	like_music	the rolling stones
user11639	have	1 job
user11639	dislike	caffeine
user11640	has_ability	drive truck
user11640	like_animal	chicken
user11640	like_food	egg
user11640	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11640	place_origin	kansas
user11641	dislike	flowers
user11641	has_ability	making clothing
user11641	like_general	jimmy fallon
user11641	physical_attribute	going bald
user11641	has_ability	play instrument
user11642	gender	male
user11642	attend_school	high school
user11642	favorite	math
user11642	has_hobby	ice hockey
user11643	like_sports	football
user11643	<blank>	<blank>
user11643	have_pet	iguana
user11643	favorite_movie	star wars
user11643	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user11644	has_profession	writer
user11644	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user11644	like_activity	hunting
user11644	like_food	barbecue
user11644	own	home
user11645	has_hobby	hiking
user11645	has_profession	artist
user11645	has_ability	speak language
user11645	have_pet	2 dog
user11645	want_do	move
user11646	like_general	red
user11646	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user11646	has_hobby	water sports
user11647	have_pet	cat
user11647	like_activity	shopping
user11647	have	2 tattoos
user11647	favorite_hobby	knitting
user11647	employed_by_general	office
user11648	other	named after my grandmother
user11648	have_chidren	3 children
user11648	own	honda civic
user11648	like_activity	walking
user11649	have_sibling	twin sister
user11649	favorite_food	fried chicken
user11649	marital_status	married
user11649	has_profession	pilot
user11650	other	was diagnosed with autism
user11650	misc_attribute	quiet
user11650	like_music	linkin park
user11650	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user11651	like_activity	watching television
user11651	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user11651	like_activity	cosplay
user11651	favorite_show	game of thrones
user11651	job_status	employed
user11652	like_movie	john grisham
user11652	has_ability	play instrument
user11652	dislike	wearing pants
user11653	like_general	being outside
user11653	like_activity	swimming
user11653	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user11653	like_general	pink
user11654	like_food	chinese
user11654	has_profession	make robots
user11654	like_general	going to bed late
user11654	marital_status	single
user11655	school_status	student
user11655	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user11655	have_family	father
user11655	have_sibling	1 sister
user11656	dislike	flowers
user11656	has_ability	making clothing
user11656	like_general	jimmy fallon
user11656	physical_attribute	going bald
user11657	like_watching	mystery
user11657	<blank>	<blank>
user11657	has_profession	author
user11657	like_activity	writing
user11657	like_food	green tea
user11658	have_family	grandchild
user11658	has_hobby	driving
user11658	like_animal	dragon
user11658	misc_attribute	confused
user11658	like_general	sunshine
user11659	place_origin	georgia
user11659	has_ability	play instrument
user11659	want_do	have kids
user11659	dislike	singing
user11659	like_food	chocolate
user11660	favorite_color	yellow
user11660	like_activity	riding the bus
user11660	not_have	money
user11660	has_profession	babysitter
user11661	have_vehicle	prius
user11661	employed_by_general	army
user11661	like_read	romance
user11661	has_profession	builder
user11661	physical_attribute	freckles
user11662	like_activity	working out
user11662	like_music	country
user11662	have_pet	dog
user11663	misc_attribute	aspiring
user11663	employed_by_general	bank
user11663	misc_attribute	polite
user11663	like_food	1 restaurant
user11663	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user11664	misc_attribute	social
user11664	have	broke my arm twice
user11664	marital_status	widow
user11664	have_sibling	6 sibling
user11665	like_activity	snorkeling
user11665	like_general	apple products
user11665	like_animal	dragon
user11665	like_food	fruit
user11666	have_family	2 children
user11666	like_food	kale
user11666	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user11666	have_pet	2 cat
user11666	want	more iron in my diet
user11667	dislike	spider
user11667	favorite_activity	pray
user11667	has_ability	left sock first.
user11668	like_watching	reality tv
user11668	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user11668	want_do	move
user11668	job_status	unemployed
user11668	previous_profession	farmer
user11669	have_family	grandmother
user11669	<blank>	seeking employment
user11669	has_ability	play instrument
user11669	like_watching	horror
user11670	has_age	77
user11670	like_watching	british
user11670	like_animal	animals
user11670	previous_profession	programmer
user11670	have	2 grandchildren
user11671	has_profession	waiter
user11671	has_hobby	cycling
user11671	marital_status	single
user11672	other	gene to detect asparagus
user11672	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user11672	have_pet	dog
user11672	physical_attribute	short
user11672	like_drink	coffee
user11673	dislike	fashion
user11673	has_profession	waitress
user11673	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user11673	misc_attribute	am happy
user11674	like_watching	anime
user11674	want_do	save money
user11674	has_ability	speak language
user11674	dislike	subtitles
user11675	employed_by_general	magazine
user11675	like_activity	game halo
user11675	favorite_color	yellow
user11675	like_read	<blank>
user11675	like_activity	working out
user11676	misc_attribute	not
user11676	want	monogomy
user11676	marital_status	single
user11676	job_status	employed
user11676	like_goto	library
user11677	has_hobby	listens
user11677	dislike	traffic
user11677	other	am diabetic
user11677	like_read	<blank>
user11678	marital_status	married
user11678	own	my home
user11678	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user11678	has_degree	masters
user11679	school_status	student
user11679	want	responsible
user11679	misc_attribute	distrustful
user11679	have	friends
user11679	physical_attribute	athletic
user11680	have	no money
user11680	like_general	purple
user11680	like_general	cher
user11680	have_vehicle	sports car
user11681	like_general	makeup
user11681	misc_attribute	friendly
user11681	like_activity	working out
user11681	have	nice smile
user11682	like_general	audiobookms
user11682	live_in_general	away from parents
user11682	have_family	mother
user11682	like_general	cartoons
user11683	have	5 grandchildren
user11683	like_activity	fishing
user11683	gender	70 male
user11683	have_vehicle	boat
user11684	has_hobby	video games
user11684	like_food	take out
user11684	dislike	job
user11684	live_in_general	with parents
user11684	has_age	32
user11685	have	10 piercings
user11685	misc_attribute	friendly
user11685	like_activity	driving
user11685	<blank>	smoking
user11685	favorite_food	italian
user11686	has_profession	poet
user11686	have_pet	fish
user11686	member_of	hobby club
user11686	has_hobby	donating clothes
user11687	like_sports	surfing
user11687	physical_attribute	brunette
user11687	dislike	red meat
user11687	like_watching	sunsets
user11687	live_in_general	near the ocean
user11688	favorite_food	steak
user11688	like_activity	travel alone
user11688	misc_attribute	smart
user11688	have	0 parents
user11689	dislike	tomato
user11689	have_chidren	2 children
user11689	have	wheel chair
user11689	gender	female
user11690	attend_school	university
user11690	employed_by_company	scrubway
user11690	want_do	video games
user11690	misc_attribute	optimistic
user11691	has_profession	secretary
user11691	like_food	taco
user11691	favorite_color	orange
user11691	have_pet	3 cat
user11692	have_pet	2 dog
user11692	have_chidren	1 child
user11692	like_activity	gardening
user11692	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user11692	favorite_drink	red wine
user11693	marital_status	engaged
user11693	marital_status	engaged
user11693	marital_status	engaged
user11694	like_animal	chicken
user11694	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11694	has_ability	drive truck
user11694	like_food	egg
user11695	has_profession	9 to 5
user11695	like_activity	cooking
user11695	has_hobby	volunteer
user11696	member_of	sports club
user11696	want	be alone
user11696	like_activity	competition
user11696	like_general	the library
user11696	misc_attribute	distrustful
user11697	favorite_activity	museums
user11697	like_goto	places
user11697	like_music	<blank>
user11697	like_watching	the voice
user11698	have_family	mother
user11698	school_status	graduated
user11698	have_family	grandmother
user11699	like_activity	working out
user11699	like_activity	going to bars
user11699	job_status	retired
user11699	like_activity	cooking
user11699	like_activity	dating women
user11700	dislike	afraid of the dark
user11700	favorite_music	rock
user11700	dislike	broccoli
user11701	like_drink	32 beer
user11701	marital_status	married
user11701	like_activity	traveling
user11701	like_goto	casino
user11702	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user11702	like_animal	lizard
user11702	school_status	student
user11702	own	hair
user11703	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user11703	have	1 new house
user11703	like_activity	making coffee
user11703	other	gay
user11703	has_ability	brewing
user11704	like_activity	video games
user11704	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user11704	has_profession	teacher
user11704	like_activity	singing
user11705	like_general	blue
user11705	have_pet	5 cat
user11706	has_profession	retailer
user11706	have_chidren	daughter
user11706	dislike	the taste of cheese
user11706	has_ability	cooking
user11707	misc_attribute	religious
user11707	dislike	evil
user11707	misc_attribute	weak
user11707	misc_attribute	religious
user11708	has_profession	waitress
user11708	has_hobby	reading
user11708	have_family	parents
user11708	favorite_movie	disney movies
user11708	like_sports	soccer
user11709	dislike	subtitles
user11709	want_do	save money
user11709	like_watching	anime
user11710	like_food	green tea
user11710	has_profession	author
user11710	like_watching	mystery
user11710	like_activity	writing
user11711	marital_status	married
user11711	has_hobby	basketball
user11711	has_ability	feeling lost
user11711	have_chidren	2 son
user11712	like_general	attention
user11712	other	orphan
user11712	like_general	close friends
user11713	like_activity	fishing
user11713	misc_attribute	simple
user11713	has_hobby	drink beers
user11713	like_activity	fishing
user11713	dislike	pretty
user11714	physical_attribute	going bald
user11714	has_ability	making clothing
user11714	like_general	jimmy fallon
user11714	has_ability	play instrument
user11715	has_profession	yoga instruction
user11715	like_general	color: pink
user11715	misc_attribute	distant
user11715	marital_status	married
user11716	like_activity	relieving myself
user11716	like_food	ginger snaps
user11716	like_general	canadian women
user11716	have_vehicle	prius
user11717	other	vegetarian
user11717	job_status	employed
user11717	have_sibling	sister
user11717	have_pet	4 cat
user11718	favorite	subject was science
user11718	favorite_hobby	reading
user11718	favorite_food	pizza
user11718	marital_status	single
user11719	employed_by_general	bank
user11719	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user11719	like_food	1 restaurant
user11719	misc_attribute	polite
user11719	misc_attribute	aspiring
user11720	has_ability	play instrument
user11720	own	1 house
user11720	has_profession	nurse
user11720	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user11720	marital_status	single
user11721	other	am worried about money
user11721	want_do	move out
user11721	have	friend
user11722	has_profession	truck driver
user11722	place_origin	virginia
user11722	has_ability	driving
user11723	have_pet	cat
user11723	like_sports	basketball
user11723	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user11724	like_activity	donate time
user11724	have_pet	2 dog
user11724	employed_by_company	facebook
user11724	has_profession	programmer
user11725	other	vegetarian
user11725	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user11725	job_status	employed
user11725	has_ability	not swim
user11726	other	am lesbian
user11726	has_profession	baker
user11726	physical_attribute	overweight
user11726	like_animal	cat
user11727	have_pet	2 dog
user11727	want_do	move
user11727	has_ability	speak language
user11727	has_profession	artist
user11727	has_hobby	hiking
user11728	like_activity	dancing
user11728	like_music	country
user11728	like_animal	animals
user11728	other	vegan
user11728	own	farm
user11729	favorite_activity	outdoors
user11729	like_sports	cycling
user11729	has_ability	cook
user11730	like_activity	drinking
user11730	like_animal	dog
user11730	have_pet	dog
user11730	has_profession	photographer
user11731	has_profession	teacher
user11731	misc_attribute	organized
user11731	like_general	kids
user11731	misc_attribute	overeat
user11731	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user11732	employed_by_general	retailer
user11732	like_music	any
user11732	like_music	10 concerts
user11733	favorite_food	sushi
user11733	has_degree	nursing
user11734	marital_status	engaged
user11734	like_read	history
user11734	like_animal	animals
user11735	have_family	1 father
user11735	have_pet	cat
user11735	misc_attribute	anxious
user11735	live_in_general	"parents house"
user11736	has_profession	marketing
user11736	physical_attribute	well put together
user11736	want	spouse
user11736	have_family	no sibling
user11737	have	long fingers
user11737	dislike	shrimp
user11737	other	am dumpy
user11737	like_general	skeleton
user11737	physical_attribute	long legs
user11738	like_music	classical
user11738	like_activity	travel
user11738	has_ability	play instrument
user11738	like_activity	cooking
user11738	has_ability	play instrument
user11739	own	music store
user11739	has_hobby	musician
user11739	want_do	retire to florida
user11739	other	like to help animals
user11740	favorite_food	french fries
user11740	like_activity	shopping
user11741	other	braces
user11741	has_age	15
user11741	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user11741	attend_school	high school
user11742	have_sibling	twins
user11742	have_chidren	partner
user11742	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user11742	favorite	superman
user11742	dislike	heights
user11743	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user11743	like_sports	basketball
user11743	favorite_color	green
user11743	like_music	rock
user11744	have_vehicle	car
user11744	want	win lottery
user11744	like_food	all
user11744	employed_by_general	large company
user11744	like_music	rock
user11745	has_age	71
user11745	like_food	vegetables
user11745	favorite_food	carrots
user11746	like_watching	surgery
user11746	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user11746	like_music	britney spears
user11746	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user11746	like_activity	traveling
user11747	attend_school	university
user11747	like_sports	playing
user11747	has_degree	business
user11747	like_general	spend time with family
user11748	employed_by_company	monsanto
user11748	like_read	fantasy
user11748	like_activity	swimming
user11748	like_activity	shopping
user11749	has_hobby	skateboarding
user11749	misc_attribute	lazy
user11749	misc_attribute	weird
user11749	physical_attribute	<blank>
user11750	has_profession	mechanic
user11750	like_sports	surfing
user11750	have_pet	1 dog
user11750	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user11751	own	guns
user11751	have_vehicle	ford
user11751	has_profession	police
user11751	dislike	holidays
user11752	other	six months to live
user11752	like_food	fried
user11752	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user11752	other	allergic
user11753	marital_status	engaged
user11753	favorite_music	metal
user11753	has_profession	writer
user11753	like_activity	working out
user11754	like_activity	running
user11754	favorite_activity	cooking
user11754	own	trophies
user11754	like_activity	singing
user11755	has_profession	writer
user11755	has_ability	play instrument
user11755	like_goto	comic con
user11755	other	am lesbian
user11756	place_origin	austin
user11756	like_general	social media
user11756	want_do	photography
user11756	like_activity	cooking
user11756	misc_attribute	sensitive
user11757	<blank>	<blank>
user11757	like_activity	cooking
user11757	have_pet	reptile
user11757	like_activity	walking
user11758	like_music	country
user11758	like_activity	surfing
user11758	has_ability	play instrument
user11758	has_profession	at bar
user11758	has_ability	cook
user11759	has_profession	programmer
user11759	employed_by_company	facebook
user11759	have_pet	2 dog
user11759	like_activity	donate time
user11760	have_vehicle	car
user11760	like_food	meatloaf
user11760	have_pet	dog
user11760	like_music	0 toto
user11761	job_status	employed
user11761	employed_by_company	peta
user11761	other	vegetarian
user11761	like_activity	sewing
user11762	has_hobby	listens
user11762	have_vehicle	<blank>
user11762	like_read	<blank>
user11762	other	am diabetic
user11762	dislike	traffic
user11763	has_hobby	snowboarding
user11763	have_chidren	child
user11763	has_ability	running
user11763	dislike	running
user11764	like_general	blue
user11764	have_pet	5 cat
user11764	nationality	british
user11765	has_profession	receptionist
user11765	school_status	student
user11765	has_profession	receptionist
user11765	school_status	student
user11766	marital_status	married
user11766	employed_by_general	warehouse
user11766	has_hobby	video games
user11767	have_family	2 nephew
user11767	has_hobby	running
user11767	place_origin	farm
user11767	has_profession	veterinarian
user11768	have	boyfriend
user11768	favorite_color	yellow
user11768	physical_attribute	short hair
user11768	has_ability	play instrument
user11769	like_activity	manicures
user11769	have_chidren	son
user11769	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user11770	own	money
user11770	favorite_food	cheesecake
user11770	misc_attribute	bored
user11770	marital_status	married
user11770	have_chidren	children
user11771	like_food	barbecue
user11771	has_profession	writer
user11771	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user11771	own	home
user11771	like_activity	hunting
user11772	like_general	sunny day
user11772	misc_attribute	not obligated
user11772	like_drink	coffee
user11772	like_general	winning
user11773	dislike	eating out
user11773	dislike	social obligations
user11773	like_watching	foreign
user11773	like_sports	running
user11774	has_profession	teacher
user11774	school_status	graduated
user11774	live_in_general	suburbs
user11774	<blank>	<blank>
user11774	have_chidren	3 children
user11775	favorite	california love
user11775	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user11775	have_vehicle	car
user11775	have_vehicle	car
user11776	dislike	vegetables
user11776	like_activity	running
user11776	physical_attribute	buff
user11776	has_age	9
user11777	want_do	move
user11777	like_watching	reality tv
user11777	job_status	unemployed
user11777	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user11778	has_profession	welder
user11778	other	gay
user11778	has_ability	play instrument
user11778	like_activity	video games
user11779	dislike	working
user11779	like_general	family and fun
user11779	other	free spirit
user11779	like_activity	survivalism
user11780	other	wiccan
user11780	employed_by_general	<blank>
user11780	like_general	the story
user11780	misc_attribute	disbelief
user11781	has_ability	sleeping
user11781	favorite	raptors
user11781	want_job	dentist
user11781	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user11782	dislike	wearing pants
user11782	has_ability	play instrument
user11782	like_movie	john grisham
user11783	job_status	employed
user11783	physical_attribute	brunette
user11783	dislike	cleaning
user11783	have_chidren	2 children
user11784	marital_status	married
user11784	like_activity	cooking
user11784	have_chidren	3 children
user11784	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user11785	has_profession	baker
user11785	like_animal	cat
user11785	other	am lesbian
user11785	has_hobby	video games
user11786	like_activity	walking
user11786	like_food	chocolate
user11786	have_sibling	6 sister
user11786	employed_by_general	a small
user11787	employed_by_company	computer company
user11787	school_status	student
user11787	have_chidren	5 children
user11787	like_animal	fish
user11788	like_read	<blank>
user11788	have_chidren	1 son
user11788	like_activity	swimming
user11789	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user11789	other	braces
user11789	has_age	15
user11789	attend_school	high school
user11790	has_ability	film making
user11790	has_hobby	travel
user11790	like_activity	reenactment
user11791	has_hobby	running
user11791	previous_profession	movie theater
user11791	like_food	spicy
user11791	physical_attribute	long hair
user11791	want_do	buy
user11792	physical_attribute	athletic
user11792	misc_attribute	distrustful
user11792	have	friends
user11792	want	responsible
user11792	school_status	student
user11793	has_hobby	collecting
user11793	misc_attribute	lust
user11793	has_hobby	arguing
user11793	like_food	cakes
user11794	live_in_general	large home
user11794	has_hobby	boating
user11794	like_goto	beach
user11794	has_profession	doctor
user11794	employed_by_general	hospital
user11795	has_profession	writer
user11795	like_goto	comic con
user11795	has_ability	play instrument
user11795	other	am lesbian
user11796	like_activity	gardening
user11796	has_age	71
user11796	like_food	vegetables
user11796	favorite_food	carrots
user11797	job_status	seeking employment
user11797	like_watching	drama
user11797	like_music	yo gotti
user11798	have	birth mother
user11798	favorite	christmas
user11798	other	adopted
user11798	have	brown hair
user11799	has_hobby	cooking
user11799	physical_attribute	blonde
user11799	like_general	blue
user11800	have_vehicle	ford
user11800	attend_school	university
user11800	like_sports	football
user11800	like_movie	action
user11801	dislike	broccoli
user11801	has_profession	design video games
user11801	favorite_music	rock
user11802	like_activity	video games
user11802	employed_by_general	hotel
user11802	favorite_music	kpop
user11802	like_food	junk food
user11802	has_hobby	writing
user11803	marital_status	married
user11803	has_profession	veterinarian
user11803	place_origin	spain
user11803	other	vegetarian
user11804	have_vehicle	van
user11804	like_general	winter
user11804	have	single bed
user11805	live_in_general	a cold location
user11805	like_activity	fishing
user11805	other	viking
user11805	have	beard
user11806	attend_school	elementary
user11806	have	glasses
user11806	dislike	skiing
user11806	like_read	twilight
user11806	have	6 toes
user11807	has_hobby	singing
user11807	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user11807	has_hobby	volley ball
user11807	teach	6 teaching
user11807	like_activity	crocheting
user11808	want	money
user11808	have	friend
user11808	school_status	student
user11808	want_do	move out
user11809	employed_by_company	military
user11809	like_general	explosions
user11809	like_food	brownies
user11809	like_activity	traveling
user11809	like_animal	cat
user11810	employed_by_general	deli
user11810	school_status	dropped out
user11810	like_animal	fish
user11810	has_ability	play instrument
user11811	own	black purse
user11811	like_general	wearing black clothing
user11811	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user11811	like_music	rock
user11811	own	black car
user11812	job_status	seeking employment
user11812	dislike	science
user11812	favorite_color	purple
user11813	favorite_music_artist	ween
user11813	like_activity	painting
user11813	gender	male
user11813	like_activity	gardening
user11814	like_music	all genres
user11814	<blank>	<blank>
user11814	have_chidren	5 children
user11814	like_activity	drawing
user11815	have_pet	1 dog
user11815	like_activity	rock climbing
user11815	like_food	gluten free
user11815	physical_attribute	hair is black
user11816	favorite_animal	dolphins
user11816	like_general	lets plays
user11816	like_watching	youtube
user11817	has_profession	veterinarian
user11817	has_hobby	running
user11817	have_family	2 nephew
user11817	place_origin	farm
user11818	have_family	only child
user11818	gender	female
user11818	favorite_music	barbie girl
user11818	other	nancy
user11818	like_general	barbie
user11819	has_ability	speak language
user11819	like_activity	hiking
user11819	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user11819	has_profession	barista
user11820	other	vegan
user11820	like_watching	game of thrones
user11820	like_sports	soccer
user11821	school_status	student
user11821	misc_attribute	athletic
user11821	physical_attribute	strong
user11821	like_animal	cat
user11822	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user11822	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user11822	like_activity	whittling
user11822	other	carnivore
user11822	favorite_movie	good burger
user11823	has_age	29
user11823	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user11823	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user11823	like_general	going to bed late
user11824	own	rose garden
user11824	like_activity	swimming
user11824	have_pet	cat
user11825	have_vehicle	car
user11825	have_vehicle	car
user11825	favorite	california love
user11825	like_music	rap
user11825	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user11826	like_activity	cooking
user11826	has_hobby	cooking
user11826	misc_attribute	talent
user11826	attend_school	classes
user11827	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user11827	like_general	pens
user11827	want_do	make more money
user11827	has_hobby	writing
user11828	has_profession	electrician
user11828	dislike	winter
user11828	like_food	hamburgers
user11828	like_sports	running
user11828	has_ability	sleep
user11829	like_food	food with no animal product
user11829	employed_by_company	walmart
user11829	favorite_music_artist	muse
user11830	like_animal	dog
user11830	<blank>	<blank>
user11830	misc_attribute	happy
user11831	has_hobby	whittling
user11831	employed_by_general	navy
user11831	like_music	folk
user11831	other	orphan
user11832	has_ability	play instrument
user11832	want_do	home
user11832	like_activity	<blank>
user11832	has_profession	musician
user11832	have	friend
user11833	misc_attribute	religious
user11833	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user11833	has_hobby	singing
user11833	favorite	donna karen clothes
user11833	has_profession	teacher
user11834	misc_attribute	afraid
user11834	have_family	uncle
user11834	like_read	<blank>
user11834	live_in_general	sister
user11834	like_activity	clean
user11835	have_chidren	4 children
user11835	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user11835	like_read	<blank>
user11836	have_chidren	2 children
user11836	have_pet	3 dog
user11836	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user11836	have_chidren	2 children
user11836	has_profession	physical therapist
user11837	dislike	kids
user11837	have_vehicle	ferrari
user11837	have_family	3 ex wives
user11837	dislike	acting
user11838	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user11838	like_sports	volley ball
user11838	like_activity	doing nails
user11838	like_food	pickled eggs
user11838	like_activity	hiking
user11839	has_profession	rapper
user11839	own	mansion
user11839	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user11839	has_ability	play instrument
user11839	have_vehicle	ferrari
user11840	physical_attribute	buff
user11840	has_hobby	video games
user11840	marital_status	married
user11840	employed_by_general	warehouse
user11841	want_do	invest in stock market
user11841	want	find easy ways to make money
user11841	like_read	news
user11841	like_general	technology
user11842	live_in_general	studio apartment
user11842	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user11842	has_profession	paramedic
user11842	want_job	nurse
user11843	like_sports	hockey
user11843	have_family	1 sibling
user11843	other	flew out of country
user11843	attend_school	university
user11844	like_animal	dog
user11844	other	poor
user11844	have_pet	3 iguana
user11844	have_sibling	brother
user11845	has_profession	accountant
user11845	have_pet	dog
user11845	misc_attribute	colorful
user11846	have_pet	cat
user11846	has_profession	artist
user11846	like_activity	walking
user11846	have_chidren	4 children
user11846	like_watching	game of thrones
user11847	have	3 roommate
user11847	have_pet	parakeet
user11847	other	lactose intolerant
user11847	favorite_color	orange
user11847	like_food	gummy bears
user11848	like_food	fruit
user11848	like_food	apple
user11848	like_food	apple
user11848	dislike	meat
user11848	favorite_food	apple
user11849	has_hobby	collect autographs
user11849	like_food	organic
user11849	like_read	comics
user11849	own	2 snakes
user11849	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user11850	school_status	graduated
user11850	want	weather
user11850	have_family	big family
user11850	like_food	all
user11851	has_hobby	writing
user11851	have	terrible singing voice
user11851	has_hobby	hiking
user11851	has_profession	cook
user11852	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user11852	like_food	beef
user11852	like_activity	video games
user11852	other	<blank>
user11853	have	crush
user11853	have	t-shirt and jeans
user11853	like_food	candy
user11853	attend_school	university
user11853	has_hobby	skateboarding
user11854	like_activity	hanging out
user11854	like_activity	politics
user11854	like_sports	fan
user11854	want_job	entrepreneur
user11855	physical_attribute	tall
user11855	has_hobby	gymnastics
user11855	like_music	the beatles
user11855	has_profession	scientist
user11856	dislike	riding the bus
user11856	like_general	littlest things
user11856	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user11856	job_status	employed
user11857	dislike	green beans
user11857	misc_attribute	unstable
user11857	misc_attribute	religious
user11857	has_hobby	travel
user11857	like_watching	games shows
user11858	physical_attribute	buff
user11858	has_hobby	video games
user11858	marital_status	married
user11859	physical_attribute	purple hair
user11859	job_status	employed
user11860	have	6 toes
user11860	dislike	skiing
user11860	have	glasses
user11860	like_read	twilight
user11860	attend_school	elementary
user11861	has_profession	party planning
user11861	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user11861	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user11862	other	cant drive
user11862	has_age	32
user11862	has_hobby	diet
user11862	marital_status	married
user11863	have_family	parents
user11863	want	any car
user11863	attend_school	in a year
user11863	has_age	18
user11863	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user11864	have_vehicle	car
user11864	favorite	california love
user11864	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user11864	like_music	rap
user11865	own	wear glasses
user11865	job_status	retired
user11865	physical_attribute	attractive
user11865	other	8 grandchildren
user11865	has_hobby	working out
user11866	like_read	history
user11866	like_activity	dance
user11866	like_food	mexican cuisine
user11866	has_profession	teacher
user11867	like_animal	animals
user11867	like_music	country
user11867	school_status	student
user11867	like_read	<blank>
user11867	other	vegan
user11868	like_food	burrito
user11868	like_activity	dance
user11868	like_food	pizza
user11868	like_activity	shopping
user11868	like_general	shoes
user11869	misc_attribute	healthy
user11869	other	tom
user11869	like_food	italian cuisine
user11869	favorite_food	pizza
user11869	other	east asian
user11870	school_status	2016 graduated
user11870	has_hobby	kayaking
user11870	has_profession	teacher
user11870	teach	kindergarten
user11871	other	adopted
user11871	have_family	mother
user11871	dislike	future
user11871	have	6 siblings
user11872	employed_by_general	vet
user11872	marital_status	married
user11872	have_chidren	2 children
user11872	have_pet	3 dog
user11872	like_general	flowers
user11873	has_profession	teacher
user11873	like_activity	walking
user11873	job_status	retired
user11873	want_do	travel
user11874	have_family	sibling
user11874	like_food	chocolate
user11874	<blank>	play instrument
user11874	has_profession	psychologist
user11874	has_hobby	geocache
user11875	own	an edged weapon
user11875	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user11875	have	started a fire
user11875	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user11875	has_ability	speak language
user11876	live_in_general	on lake
user11876	physical_attribute	average american youth
user11876	misc_attribute	romantic
user11876	like_activity	walking
user11877	marital_status	3 married
user11877	has_profession	police
user11877	dislike	holidays
user11877	have_vehicle	ford
user11878	have_pet	2 cat
user11878	like_activity	video games
user11878	misc_attribute	family attention
user11878	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user11878	like_general	exclamation marks
user11879	like_food	fast food
user11879	misc_attribute	tired
user11879	have_chidren	children
user11879	like_activity	cleaning
user11879	has_hobby	watching movies
user11880	other	vegetarian
user11880	misc_attribute	witty
user11880	like_activity	dance
user11880	has_hobby	reading
user11881	favorite	apple
user11881	like_general	morning
user11881	like_general	winter
user11881	like_sports	swimming
user11881	has_ability	marathon runner
user11882	like_general	family and fun
user11882	like_activity	survivalism
user11882	other	free spirit
user11883	physical_attribute	round
user11883	misc_attribute	smart
user11883	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user11883	like_activity	reading
user11883	physical_attribute	short
user11884	favorite_food	mexican food
user11884	like_activity	reading
user11884	has_profession	nurse
user11884	other	mother
user11884	like_music	the rolling stones
user11885	misc_attribute	competitive
user11885	like_goto	canada
user11885	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user11885	other	name
user11886	misc_attribute	scared
user11886	school_status	student
user11886	have_vehicle	honda
user11886	have_sibling	4 sibling
user11887	has_ability	lucky
user11887	job_status	employed
user11887	has_profession	owner
user11887	own	consulting firm
user11888	live_in_general	near celebrities
user11888	has_age	19
user11888	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user11888	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user11889	like_goto	beeach
user11889	like_activity	cycling
user11889	have_pet	dog
user11889	previous_profession	technician
user11890	like_activity	cooking
user11890	want	someone
user11890	employed_by_general	architect firm
user11890	have_pet	3 dog
user11890	like_activity	fishing
user11891	misc_attribute	fair
user11891	want_job	in the federal court
user11891	has_profession	judge
user11891	other	albert
user11892	have_chidren	3 children
user11892	marital_status	married
user11892	like_drink	soda
user11892	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11892	like_music	the rolling stones
user11893	like_activity	rock climbing
user11893	physical_attribute	hair is black
user11893	has_profession	writer
user11893	like_food	gluten free
user11894	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user11894	like_sports	volley ball
user11894	like_activity	doing nails
user11894	like_food	pickled eggs
user11894	like_activity	hiking
user11895	have_chidren	2 children
user11895	have_pet	3 dog
user11895	have_chidren	2 children
user11895	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user11895	has_profession	physical therapist
user11896	like_activity	filming
user11896	like_activity	making people smile
user11896	dislike	death
user11896	misc_attribute	crazy
user11896	has_ability	bad lying
user11897	physical_attribute	blonde
user11897	dislike	country
user11897	has_ability	terrible speller
user11897	has_hobby	dancing
user11897	has_hobby	volunteering
user11898	like_sports	running
user11898	has_hobby	video games
user11898	like_goto	park
user11898	favorite_color	green
user11898	job_status	employed
user11899	has_hobby	singing
user11899	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user11899	teach	6 teaching
user11899	like_activity	crocheting
user11899	has_hobby	volley ball
user11900	has_profession	teacher
user11900	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user11900	like_music	metal
user11900	have_chidren	2 son
user11900	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user11901	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user11901	employed_by_general	marketing
user11901	like_drink	liquor
user11901	like_read	books
user11902	favorite_food	steak
user11902	like_sports	football
user11902	have	a beer
user11902	has_profession	roofer
user11902	have_vehicle	truck
user11903	have_chidren	daughter
user11903	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user11903	has_profession	retailer
user11903	has_ability	cooking
user11904	like_sports	swimming
user11904	has_ability	marathon runner
user11904	like_general	morning
user11904	like_general	winter
user11905	favorite_movie	disney movies
user11905	has_hobby	reading
user11905	like_sports	soccer
user11905	have_family	parents
user11906	employed_by_general	real estate
user11906	marital_status	dating
user11906	like_activity	singing
user11906	has_age	23
user11907	marital_status	single
user11907	favorite_place	mall
user11907	have_pet	dog
user11907	physical_attribute	deaf
user11907	like_sports	tennis
user11908	gender	female
user11908	has_hobby	swimming
user11908	has_degree	masters
user11908	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user11908	favorite_color	purple
user11909	have_family	members
user11909	misc_attribute	angry
user11909	like_goto	bar
user11909	gender	male
user11909	have_vehicle	jaguar
user11910	like_food	all
user11910	school_status	graduated
user11910	place_origin	outside the us
user11910	other	big family
user11911	has_profession	yoga instruction
user11911	have_pet	2 dog
user11911	have	seashells
user11911	have_chidren	1 son
user11911	like_general	horses
user11912	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user11912	gender	male
user11912	favorite	math
user11912	attend_school	high school
user11913	gender	male
user11913	has_profession	mechanic
user11913	have_pet	doberman
user11913	has_age	25
user11914	like_music	katy perry
user11914	misc_attribute	exciting
user11914	have_vehicle	convertible
user11914	has_profession	lifeguard
user11915	like_activity	go karting
user11915	has_hobby	fishing
user11915	has_ability	play instrument
user11915	own	george foreman grill
user11915	dislike	fast food
user11916	like_animal	dog
user11916	like_activity	baking
user11916	like_food	bagels
user11916	like_drink	coke
user11916	like_activity	running
user11917	like_activity	roleplay
user11917	dislike	all
user11917	like_general	morning
user11918	has_hobby	instrument
user11918	attend_school	university
user11918	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user11918	like_animal	fish
user11919	job_status	seeking employment
user11919	misc_attribute	impressed
user11919	has_profession	small business owner
user11919	has_degree	graduate
user11919	own	miscelaneous stuff
user11920	like_activity	gardening
user11920	has_ability	play instrument
user11920	want_do	skydiving
user11920	misc_attribute	helpful
user11920	have_sibling	twin brother
user11921	have	2 tattoos
user11921	like_activity	shopping
user11921	favorite_hobby	knitting
user11921	employed_by_general	office
user11922	like_movie	action
user11922	have_vehicle	ford
user11922	attend_school	university
user11922	like_sports	football
user11923	like_activity	snorkeling
user11923	like_activity	travel
user11923	like_general	apple products
user11923	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user11923	like_food	fruit
user11924	dislike	rejection from parents
user11924	gender	different
user11924	misc_attribute	out of touch
user11925	like_food	large meals
user11925	has_hobby	exercise
user11925	like_sports	swimming
user11925	attend_school	university
user11925	misc_attribute	social
user11926	live_in_general	city
user11926	like_drink	beer
user11926	have_pet	horse
user11926	member_of	band
user11927	like_activity	racing rc cars
user11927	like_activity	video games
user11927	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user11927	have_pet	dog
user11928	has_hobby	hiking
user11928	other	has not left country
user11928	have_sibling	3 sibling
user11928	other	<blank>
user11929	attend_school	dental
user11929	have	tattoos
user11929	have	1 rose tattoo
user11929	like_general	silver
user11930	has_ability	3 speak language
user11930	want_job	employment
user11930	favorite_music_artist	rush
user11930	other	colour blind
user11930	have_chidren	2 children
user11931	has_hobby	hiking
user11931	other	has not left country
user11931	job_status	employed
user11931	have_sibling	3 sibling
user11932	other	like to help animals
user11932	want_do	retire to florida
user11932	has_hobby	musician
user11933	like_drink	soda
user11933	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user11933	have_chidren	3 children
user11933	marital_status	married
user11934	like_music	rap
user11934	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user11934	have_vehicle	car
user11934	have_vehicle	car
user11934	favorite	california love
user11935	has_hobby	writing
user11935	favorite_color	black
user11935	like_activity	singing
user11935	<blank>	<blank>
user11935	want_do	<blank>
user11936	misc_attribute	sad
user11936	like_activity	sculpting
user11936	has_hobby	artist
user11936	want_do	climbing
user11937	misc_attribute	shallow
user11937	like_activity	eavesdroping
user11937	want	pet
user11937	own	money
user11938	place_origin	nevada
user11938	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user11938	like_animal	dog
user11938	other	orphan
user11939	misc_attribute	unstable
user11939	other	recovering alcoholic
user11939	like_activity	pottery
user11939	have	appeared on jeopardy
user11939	like_activity	refurbishing
user11940	like_activity	writing
user11940	has_hobby	reading
user11940	previous_profession	marine
user11940	has_profession	bartender
user11941	have_family	mother
user11941	have_family	father
user11941	have	princess bed
user11941	like_activity	playing outside
user11942	like_drink	alcohol
user11942	has_hobby	drinking
user11942	misc_attribute	responsible
user11943	has_age	77
user11943	other	am a widow
user11943	favorite_activity	gardening
user11943	like_drink	coffee
user11944	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user11944	has_age	18
user11944	attend_school	in a year
user11944	want	any car
user11944	have_family	parents
user11945	have_pet	dog
user11945	job_status	unemployed
user11945	other	lost jewelry
user11945	like_drink	expensive wine
user11945	like_activity	getting nails done
user11946	marital_status	married
user11946	favorite_book	the bible
user11946	has_hobby	traveling
user11946	misc_attribute	1 religious
user11946	gender	male
user11947	job_status	employed
user11947	school_status	graduated
user11947	like_general	children
user11947	has_age	22
user11947	job_status	employed
user11948	have_sibling	sibling
user11948	have	birth mother
user11948	other	adopted
user11948	favorite	christmas
user11948	employed_by_general	a local party store
user11949	like_activity	reading
user11949	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user11950	employed_by_general	distributor
user11950	have_chidren	toddler
user11950	like_music	taylor swift
user11951	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user11951	like_goto	grocery store
user11951	has_profession	salesman
user11951	employed_by_general	gas station
user11951	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user11952	has_hobby	horseback riding
user11952	like_general	boots
user11952	have	many girlfriends
user11952	like_food	beef
user11953	favorite_color	orange
user11953	dislike	make up
user11953	have_vehicle	moped
user11953	physical_attribute	long nails
user11954	has_profession	sales
user11954	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user11954	misc_attribute	<blank>
user11954	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user11954	misc_attribute	make things right
user11955	job_status	employed
user11955	have_family	husband
user11955	have	girlfriend
user11955	like_activity	singing
user11956	marital_status	engaged
user11956	marital_status	engaged
user11956	marital_status	engaged
user11957	have_pet	cat
user11957	like_activity	cooking
user11957	want_do	traveling
user11958	like_activity	surfing
user11958	like_music	country
user11958	has_profession	at bar
user11958	has_ability	cook
user11959	like_music	metallica
user11959	like_goto	gym
user11959	favorite_food	chicken
user11959	like_read	autobiographies
user11959	have_pet	cat
user11960	attend_school	university
user11960	like_activity	painting
user11960	physical_attribute	blonde
user11960	want_do	painting
user11961	own	0 television
user11961	has_ability	pilot
user11961	has_hobby	photography
user11961	live_in_general	mountains
user11962	like_drink	coffee
user11962	like_food	meatloaf
user11962	own	2 packs
user11962	want_do	<blank>
user11963	have	wheel chair
user11963	physical_attribute	short
user11963	gender	female
user11963	have_chidren	2 children
user11963	dislike	tomato
user11964	want_do	speak language
user11964	own	computer
user11964	like_watching	foreign
user11964	like_activity	learning
user11964	misc_attribute	complex
user11965	other	ketogenic
user11965	employed_by_general	circus
user11965	has_hobby	watching movies
user11966	have	timeshare
user11966	has_profession	<blank>
user11966	favorite_show	friends
user11966	favorite_food	sushi
user11967	has_profession	baseball player
user11967	has_profession	baseball player
user11967	attend_school	miami university
user11967	marital_status	married
user11967	job_status	employed
user11968	has_hobby	weed
user11968	like_food	meat
user11968	like_music	rap
user11968	have_family	father
user11969	like_food	non-gmo
user11969	has_profession	cashier
user11969	like_general	cold weather
user11969	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user11970	has_hobby	baseball
user11970	like_sports	baseball
user11970	has_hobby	baseball
user11970	favorite	mike trout
user11971	other	vegan
user11971	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user11971	misc_attribute	ocd
user11971	teach	children
user11972	like_read	comics
user11972	like_watching	anime
user11972	has_hobby	reading
user11972	misc_attribute	artistic
user11972	like_activity	role play
user11973	like_goto	outdoors
user11973	live_in_general	ranch
user11973	has_age	21
user11973	member_of	other club
user11974	has_age	53
user11974	physical_attribute	blonde
user11974	have_chidren	12 kids
user11974	physical_attribute	overweight
user11974	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user11975	like_animal	cat
user11975	marital_status	divorced
user11975	employed_by_general	bank
user11976	has_profession	athlete
user11976	has_hobby	working out
user11976	physical_attribute	buff
user11976	has_hobby	weight lifting
user11976	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user11977	like_drink	expensive wine
user11977	have_pet	dog
user11977	other	lost jewelry
user11977	like_activity	getting nails done
user11977	job_status	unemployed
user11978	want	mermaid
user11978	dislike	heights
user11978	have_sibling	4 sibling
user11978	like_drink	iced tea
user11979	previous_profession	lawyer
user11979	want_job	in the federal court
user11979	misc_attribute	fair
user11979	has_profession	judge
user11979	other	albert
user11980	has_age	10
user11980	has_hobby	martial arts
user11980	has_profession	safety patrol
user11980	like_read	harry potter
user11981	have_chidren	2 son
user11981	has_hobby	camping
user11981	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user11981	like_activity	horseback riding
user11982	has_profession	librarian
user11982	have_pet	2 cat
user11982	have_pet	cat
user11982	like_activity	reading
user11983	have_pet	cat
user11983	has_ability	speak language
user11983	have	1 blue eye
user11984	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user11984	has_degree	masters
user11984	gender	female
user11984	favorite_color	purple
user11985	marital_status	divorced
user11985	have_family	grandmother
user11985	job_status	employed
user11985	has_profession	bowler
user11986	other	believe in ghosts
user11986	have_pet	4 dog
user11986	have_vehicle	convertible
user11986	own	personal religion
user11986	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user11987	misc_attribute	social
user11987	attend_school	university
user11987	like_food	large meals
user11987	like_sports	swimming
user11987	has_hobby	exercise
user11988	like_general	comics
user11988	job_status	employed
user11988	like_activity	reading
user11988	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user11989	like_food	ice cream
user11989	marital_status	married
user11989	have_chidren	children
user11989	have_chidren	4 children
user11990	other	bisexual
user11990	misc_attribute	depressed
user11990	job_status	seeking employment
user11990	have_family	parents
user11991	misc_attribute	helpful
user11991	dislike	vegetables
user11991	like_sports	badminton
user11992	like_food	blue jello
user11992	dislike	asparagus
user11992	have_pet	10 cat
user11992	physical_attribute	long red hair
user11992	job_status	employed
user11993	favorite_season	winter
user11993	like_goto	walmart
user11993	like_general	cold weather
user11993	like_watching	game of thrones
user11993	dislike	heights
user11994	like_drink	chocolate
user11994	have	allergy
user11994	own	iphone 7
user11995	want	medication
user11995	like_music	queens of the stone age
user11995	has_hobby	skydiving
user11995	own	olympic medal
user11996	live_in_general	ranch
user11996	like_goto	outdoors
user11996	member_of	other club
user11996	physical_attribute	brunette
user11996	has_age	21
user11997	have_chidren	2 children
user11997	has_profession	driver
user11997	has_profession	truck driver
user11997	favorite_hobby	baseball
user11997	has_hobby	camping
user11998	dislike	fast food
user11998	has_hobby	fishing
user11998	has_ability	play instrument
user11998	like_activity	go karting
user11999	like_activity	traveling
user11999	has_profession	travel agent
user11999	favorite_place	jamaica
user11999	own	a business
user11999	like_activity	working out
user12000	has_hobby	cooking
user12000	have_pet	2 dog
user12000	has_hobby	running
user12000	physical_attribute	red hair
user12000	like_general	tall men
user12001	other	mother
user12001	live_in_general	by a lake
user12001	have_chidren	grandchildren
user12001	marital_status	married
user12001	own	upholstery shop
user12002	have	appeared on jeopardy
user12002	other	recovering alcoholic
user12002	misc_attribute	unstable
user12002	like_activity	pottery
user12003	has_hobby	cloud watching
user12003	misc_attribute	shy
user12003	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user12003	has_profession	salesman
user12003	favorite	costco
user12004	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user12004	has_hobby	skiing
user12004	employed_by_general	bar
user12004	like_music	blues
user12004	like_activity	saving
user12005	like_music	country
user12005	has_ability	play instrument
user12005	<blank>	<blank>
user12005	<blank>	<blank>
user12005	have_pet	dog
user12006	has_ability	play instrument
user12006	like_read	history
user12006	has_profession	baseball player
user12006	favorite_color	green
user12007	have_chidren	children
user12007	live_in_general	small city
user12007	have_pet	cat
user12007	like_activity	cooking
user12008	have_sibling	twin sister
user12008	has_profession	teacher
user12008	like_food	chocolate
user12009	like_activity	tailgate parties
user12009	has_profession	farmer
user12009	have	girlfriend
user12009	have	never flown on an airplane
user12009	favorite_season	duck hunting
user12010	want_do	video games
user12010	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user12010	like_activity	staying up late
user12010	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user12010	have_sibling	sibling
user12011	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user12011	misc_attribute	aspiring
user12011	misc_attribute	polite
user12011	like_food	1 restaurant
user12012	marital_status	single
user12012	has_profession	make robots
user12012	like_food	chinese
user12012	like_general	going to bed late
user12013	has_ability	writing a novel
user12013	dislike	pickle
user12013	favorite_show	rick and morty
user12013	favorite_color	black
user12013	own	iphone
user12014	want	pet
user12014	misc_attribute	shallow
user12014	own	money
user12014	like_goto	outside
user12015	has_ability	play instrument
user12015	have_chidren	son
user12015	school_status	graduated
user12015	want_job	teacher
user12015	has_profession	finance
user12016	physical_attribute	hair is black
user12016	have_pet	1 dog
user12016	like_activity	rock climbing
user12016	like_food	gluten free
user12017	physical_attribute	long hair
user12017	have_family	mother
user12017	dislike	1 cooking
user12017	like_activity	video games
user12018	has_ability	single
user12018	like_movie	superhero
user12018	own	2 monitors
user12018	like_general	iphone
user12018	own	ebooks
user12019	like_general	cars
user12019	dislike	all
user12019	like_activity	roleplay
user12019	like_general	morning
user12020	has_hobby	volunteer
user12020	has_hobby	yoga
user12020	marital_status	married
user12020	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user12021	want_job	journalist
user12021	has_ability	sorting books
user12021	like_read	fantasy
user12022	favorite_color	orange
user12022	have_pet	2 cat
user12022	have_chidren	child
user12022	like_watching	sport
user12022	dislike	running
user12023	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12023	like_general	fashion designers
user12023	like_activity	shopping
user12023	like_general	fashion
user12023	want_job	designer
user12024	<blank>	<blank>
user12024	like_general	red
user12024	physical_attribute	purple hair
user12024	like_movie	gone with the wind
user12024	have_pet	2 reptile
user12025	like_food	ginger snaps
user12025	like_activity	relieving myself
user12025	have_vehicle	prius
user12025	like_general	canadian women
user12026	like_movie	godfather
user12026	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user12026	like_food	candy
user12026	physical_attribute	overweight
user12026	gender	male
user12027	have_sibling	1 sister
user12027	like_food	cakes
user12027	live_in_citystatecountry	ireland
user12027	have_family	father
user12027	school_status	student
user12028	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user12028	like_activity	reading
user12028	place_origin	farm
user12028	like_activity	beadworking
user12029	dislike	bread
user12029	misc_attribute	practical
user12030	like_activity	shopping
user12030	want_job	nurse
user12030	live_in_general	small town
user12030	attend_school	university
user12031	physical_attribute	going bald
user12031	has_ability	making clothing
user12031	like_general	jimmy fallon
user12031	dislike	flowers
user12031	has_ability	play instrument
user12032	have_family	2 nephew
user12032	has_profession	veterinarian
user12032	has_hobby	running
user12032	place_origin	farm
user12033	misc_attribute	organized
user12033	like_general	mother
user12033	like_watching	greys anatomy
user12033	like_activity	music
user12033	attend_school	high school
user12034	want_job	athlete
user12034	like_music	one direction
user12034	favorite_food	spaghetti
user12035	gender	male
user12035	have_pet	dog
user12035	physical_attribute	beard
user12035	like_sports	cycling
user12035	like_activity	football
user12036	have_pet	dog
user12036	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user12036	like_read	books
user12037	want_do	reading
user12037	have_vehicle	honda
user12037	like_activity	talking
user12037	like_watching	sitcoms
user12037	want_do	<blank>
user12038	like_sports	baseball
user12038	favorite	mike trout
user12038	has_hobby	baseball
user12038	has_hobby	baseball
user12039	misc_attribute	angry
user12039	have_vehicle	jaguar
user12039	dislike	family
user12039	like_goto	bar
user12040	like_food	meatloaf
user12040	have_vehicle	car
user12040	have_pet	dog
user12041	have_vehicle	jaguar
user12041	misc_attribute	angry
user12041	gender	male
user12041	dislike	family
user12041	like_goto	bar
user12042	dislike	winter
user12042	like_food	hamburgers
user12042	has_profession	electrician
user12042	like_sports	running
user12042	has_ability	sleep
user12043	like_activity	cooking
user12043	misc_attribute	organized
user12043	like_activity	running
user12043	have_chidren	children
user12044	have_chidren	child
user12044	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12044	dislike	running
user12044	has_ability	running
user12045	like_animal	animals
user12045	has_hobby	walking
user12045	have_chidren	1 son
user12045	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user12045	other	vegan
user12046	employed_by_general	factory
user12046	want	bike
user12046	physical_attribute	broke nose
user12046	favorite_place	seattle
user12046	like_music	jazz
user12047	misc_attribute	picky
user12047	want_job	teacher
user12047	like_music	indie
user12047	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user12048	like_general	vote
user12048	employed_by_general	hospital
user12048	want	truck
user12048	dislike	overtime
user12049	employed_by_general	club
user12049	has_hobby	drawing
user12049	like_drink	soda
user12049	employed_by_general	grocery store
user12050	misc_attribute	punctual
user12050	want_do	change the world
user12050	has_hobby	volunteer
user12050	like_general	jokes
user12051	has_profession	teacher
user12051	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user12051	like_general	kids
user12051	misc_attribute	overeat
user12051	misc_attribute	organized
user12052	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12052	have	seashells
user12052	have_chidren	1 son
user12052	like_general	horses
user12053	has_profession	pediatrician
user12053	like_activity	bowling
user12053	misc_attribute	family man
user12053	have_family	<blank>
user12053	marital_status	married
user12054	want_do	reading
user12054	like_watching	sitcoms
user12054	have_vehicle	honda
user12054	like_activity	talking
user12054	want_do	<blank>
user12055	like_food	candy
user12055	have	crush
user12055	has_hobby	skateboarding
user12055	have	t-shirt and jeans
user12056	employed_by_company	walmart
user12056	like_food	food with no animal product
user12056	favorite_music_artist	muse
user12057	own	farm
user12057	like_activity	dancing
user12057	like_music	country
user12057	other	vegan
user12057	like_animal	animals
user12058	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user12058	have_sibling	brother
user12058	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12058	has_hobby	horseback riding
user12058	like_food	popcorn
user12059	like_activity	baking
user12059	member_of	retirement home
user12059	has_age	old
user12060	marital_status	engaged
user12060	employed_by_general	theater
user12060	like_read	history
user12061	like_food	sweets
user12061	like_music	bruno mars
user12061	has_hobby	cs and ds
user12061	attend_school	high school
user12061	like_activity	sleeping
user12062	like_activity	traveling
user12062	like_activity	hiking
user12062	like_activity	mountain biking
user12062	has_hobby	environmentalist
user12063	like_general	self
user12063	other	care about way i look
user12063	has_hobby	check reflection
user12063	has_hobby	shopping
user12063	misc_attribute	suspicious
user12064	like_food	french fries
user12064	employed_by_company	del taco
user12064	have_vehicle	bicycle
user12065	like_animal	panda
user12065	want_do	open a business
user12065	other	vegetarian
user12065	like_sports	surfing
user12066	marital_status	married
user12066	has_profession	cleaner
user12066	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user12066	like_activity	cooking
user12067	like_activity	swimming
user12067	like_activity	video games
user12067	has_hobby	running
user12067	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user12068	has_hobby	reading
user12068	favorite_movie	disney movies
user12068	have_family	parents
user12068	like_sports	soccer
user12068	has_profession	waitress
user12069	like_watching	tv
user12069	favorite_book	harry potter books
user12069	other	vegetarian
user12069	like_activity	reading
user12069	like_activity	reading
user12070	has_profession	basketball player
user12070	has_profession	athlete
user12070	attend_school	university of north carolina
user12070	has_hobby	basketball
user12070	has_profession	basketball player
user12071	like_general	huge paintings.
user12071	like_activity	zumba
user12071	like_food	beans
user12071	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user12071	like_activity	collecting rocks
user12072	has_hobby	video games
user12072	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user12072	have_family	parents
user12072	like_watching	anime
user12072	has_hobby	sketching
user12073	gender	female
user12073	like_food	cheese
user12073	like_activity	cooking
user12073	like_watching	spongebob
user12074	like_general	to chat with my friends
user12074	like_goto	restaurant
user12074	like_goto	movie theater
user12074	like_activity	driving
user12074	like_read	in a series
user12075	like_read	<blank>
user12075	employed_by_general	grocery store
user12075	like_general	blue
user12075	like_food	cupcakes
user12076	have_chidren	1 daughter
user12076	school_status	graduated
user12076	has_profession	surgeon
user12077	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user12077	has_age	25
user12077	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user12078	like_activity	hanging out
user12078	want_job	entrepreneur
user12078	like_sports	fan
user12078	like_activity	politics
user12078	have_vehicle	car
user12079	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user12079	have_pet	2 dog
user12079	like_food	cake
user12079	has_ability	play instrument
user12080	like_general	vinyl records
user12080	have_vehicle	junk
user12080	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user12080	misc_attribute	active
user12081	want	happy
user12081	want	procedures
user12081	like_general	her
user12081	like_activity	dressing up
user12082	has_hobby	football
user12082	member_of	sports team
user12082	has_hobby	football
user12082	like_goto	league
user12083	other	am allergic to apples
user12083	like_activity	crocheting
user12083	has_profession	coach
user12083	has_hobby	singing
user12084	school_status	graduate student
user12084	favorite_animal	pug
user12084	misc_attribute	night owl
user12084	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12084	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user12085	has_profession	engineer
user12085	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user12085	like_activity	hiking
user12085	live_in_general	alone
user12085	like_activity	photography
user12086	has_hobby	gymnastics
user12086	like_music	the beatles
user12086	has_profession	scientist
user12086	physical_attribute	tall
user12087	have	green nails
user12087	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user12087	has_degree	masters
user12087	have_pet	skunk
user12088	have_family	0 mother
user12088	like_activity	camping
user12088	like_general	model building
user12088	like_goto	comedy clubs
user12088	place_origin	england
user12089	other	christian
user12089	favorite_movie	horror
user12089	favorite_book	stephen king
user12089	like_activity	reading
user12090	like_sports	surfing
user12090	have_pet	1 dog
user12090	has_profession	mechanic
user12090	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user12090	have_vehicle	car
user12091	marital_status	married
user12091	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12091	like_activity	cooking
user12091	has_ability	speak language
user12091	have_chidren	3 children
user12092	have_vehicle	ford
user12092	has_ability	play instrument
user12092	have	name
user12092	has_age	25
user12093	favorite	donna karen clothes
user12093	has_hobby	singing
user12093	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user12094	other	vegan
user12094	have_pet	23 cat
user12094	dislike	fish
user12094	has_hobby	traveling
user12094	like_activity	painting
user12095	like_read	history
user12095	like_sports	softball
user12095	has_profession	technician
user12096	want	travel
user12096	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user12096	has_profession	farmer
user12096	have_pet	2 dog
user12097	has_profession	photographer
user12097	like_animal	dog
user12097	like_activity	drinking
user12097	have_pet	dog
user12098	want_do	travel
user12098	have_chidren	2 children
user12098	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12098	like_watching	western
user12099	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user12099	have_chidren	1 child
user12099	have_pet	2 dog
user12099	like_activity	gardening
user12099	favorite_drink	red wine
user12100	want	medication
user12100	has_hobby	skydiving
user12100	like_music	queens of the stone age
user12100	own	olympic medal
user12100	like_food	french fries
user12101	favorite_animal	fish
user12101	like_food	tuna
user12101	have_vehicle	boat
user12101	has_hobby	fishing
user12102	has_hobby	video games
user12102	has_hobby	sketching
user12102	like_watching	anime
user12102	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user12103	job_status	unemployed
user12103	favorite_drink	chocolate
user12103	dislike	0 taco
user12103	like_sports	swimming
user12104	like_activity	wrestling
user12104	has_profession	cartographer
user12104	like_activity	baking
user12104	like_activity	painting
user12104	previous_profession	nurse
user12105	has_profession	author
user12105	<blank>	<blank>
user12105	like_watching	mystery
user12105	like_activity	writing
user12106	has_hobby	tennis
user12106	have_sibling	2 sister
user12106	has_profession	baker
user12106	favorite_show	silicon valley
user12107	has_age	18
user12107	have	scholarship
user12107	have_vehicle	car
user12107	school_status	graduated
user12108	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12108	has_ability	running
user12108	have_chidren	child
user12108	dislike	running
user12109	misc_attribute	bored
user12109	want_do	speak language
user12109	own	computer
user12109	like_activity	learning
user12109	like_watching	foreign
user12110	favorite_movie	16 candles
user12110	have_chidren	2 children
user12110	like_activity	running
user12110	like_food	cheesecake
user12111	favorite_color	purple
user12111	place_origin	church
user12111	has_profession	teacher
user12111	have_chidren	child
user12112	have_family	niece
user12112	have	obsession with dog
user12112	has_hobby	cooking
user12112	like_goto	beach
user12112	attend_school	graduate school
user12113	like_watching	comedy
user12113	<blank>	<blank>
user12113	favorite_color	green
user12113	has_hobby	tennis
user12114	own	agency
user12114	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user12114	marital_status	married
user12115	has_ability	play instrument
user12115	other	vegan
user12115	like_music	system of a down
user12115	own	9 guitars
user12115	want	play in a local band
user12116	like_movie	superhero
user12116	like_general	iphone
user12116	own	ebooks
user12116	own	2 monitors
user12117	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user12117	has_hobby	dancing
user12117	physical_attribute	red hair
user12117	marital_status	engaged
user12118	has_age	10
user12118	has_profession	safety patrol
user12118	has_hobby	martial arts
user12119	like_watching	make up tutorials
user12119	has_ability	apply make-up
user12119	has_hobby	youtube
user12119	attend_school	beauty classes
user12119	have	50000 subcribers
user12120	want_job	teacher
user12120	has_degree	american literature and education
user12120	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user12120	school_status	graduated
user12120	has_hobby	hiking
user12121	like_food	beans
user12121	like_activity	zumba
user12121	like_general	huge paintings.
user12121	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user12121	like_activity	collecting rocks
user12122	has_age	21
user12122	have_chidren	twins
user12122	physical_attribute	pregnant
user12122	have_chidren	3 children
user12122	physical_attribute	sick
user12123	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user12123	favorite_food	subway
user12123	like_goto	antique stores
user12123	like_goto	starbucks
user12124	like_watching	surgery
user12124	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user12124	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user12124	like_music	britney spears
user12125	attend_school	university
user12125	school_status	major in business administration
user12125	employed_by_general	daycare
user12125	have	a significant other
user12126	like_goto	movie theater
user12126	like_activity	walking
user12126	have_pet	2 dog
user12126	job_status	employed
user12126	like_general	<blank>
user12127	misc_attribute	smart
user12127	attend_school	high school
user12127	misc_attribute	social
user12127	member_of	other club
user12128	have	local theater gig
user12128	place_origin	small town
user12128	previous_profession	actor
user12128	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user12128	has_profession	comedian
user12129	dislike	family
user12129	has_hobby	couch potato
user12129	like_watching	horror
user12129	like_food	junk food
user12129	like_general	comics
user12130	like_sports	swimming
user12130	physical_attribute	tall
user12130	employed_by_company	navy
user12130	favorite_show	the voice
user12130	like_read	<blank>
user12131	want_job	artist
user12131	other	am a couponer
user12131	misc_attribute	organized
user12131	like_general	saving money
user12132	want_job	actress
user12132	has_profession	writer
user12132	employed_by_general	arena
user12132	favorite_animal	zebra
user12133	like_food	hot dog
user12133	favorite_drink	pepsi
user12133	has_hobby	bird watching
user12133	has_hobby	reading
user12133	has_profession	librarian
user12134	have_pet	1 dog
user12134	job_status	unemployed
user12134	dislike	over eating
user12134	dislike	paying bills
user12134	misc_attribute	dull
user12135	have	10 tattoos
user12135	member_of	hobby club
user12135	has_hobby	driving
user12135	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user12135	has_age	adult
user12136	physical_attribute	curly hair
user12136	like_activity	drawing
user12136	like_activity	cooking
user12136	misc_attribute	vain
user12137	like_activity	baking
user12137	has_age	old
user12137	member_of	retirement home
user12138	like_general	food trucks
user12138	own	car
user12138	have_sibling	brother
user12138	misc_attribute	quick
user12139	own	agency
user12139	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user12139	marital_status	married
user12139	gender	female
user12140	job_status	employed
user12140	has_profession	waiter
user12140	want_job	doctor
user12141	has_ability	play instrument
user12141	have_vehicle	ferrari
user12141	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user12141	has_profession	rapper
user12142	like_activity	working out
user12142	favorite_place	jamaica
user12142	like_activity	traveling
user12142	has_profession	travel agent
user12143	employed_by_general	grocery store
user12144	has_hobby	cheerleading
user12144	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user12144	like_activity	shopping
user12144	has_profession	blogger
user12145	has_age	19
user12145	live_in_general	near celebrities
user12145	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user12145	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user12146	like_sports	soccer
user12146	school_status	student
user12146	place_origin	france
user12146	have_sibling	brother
user12146	like_sports	soccer
user12147	favorite_color	green
user12147	like_read	history
user12147	has_profession	baseball player
user12147	has_ability	play instrument
user12148	have_sibling	6 sibling
user12148	have	2 broken arm
user12148	marital_status	widow
user12149	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12149	place_origin	kansas
user12149	like_animal	chicken
user12149	like_food	egg
user12149	has_ability	drive truck
user12150	want_do	retire
user12150	have_family	wife
user12150	have_chidren	children
user12150	has_profession	baker
user12151	have_family	parents
user12151	have	a house
user12151	have_chidren	2 son
user12151	misc_attribute	sad
user12151	has_profession	artist
user12152	has_age	77
user12152	like_watching	british
user12152	have	2 grandchildren
user12152	previous_profession	programmer
user12152	like_animal	animals
user12153	has_profession	security guard
user12153	has_hobby	walking
user12153	have	high speed internet
user12153	other	saw a solar eclipse
user12153	has_hobby	chess
user12154	like_music	alternative rock
user12154	employed_by_general	craft store
user12154	favorite	holiday
user12154	like_activity	crocheting
user12154	own	house
user12155	has_ability	website design
user12155	like_read	news
user12155	want_do	invest in stock market
user12155	like_general	technology
user12155	want	find easy ways to make money
user12156	has_ability	play instrument
user12156	have_sibling	2 brother
user12156	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12156	place_origin	chicago
user12157	has_profession	cartographer
user12157	like_activity	wrestling
user12157	previous_profession	nurse
user12157	like_activity	painting
user12158	gender	female
user12158	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user12158	own	agency
user12159	other	six months to live
user12159	like_food	fried
user12159	other	allergic to lactose
user12159	dislike	regular expressions
user12160	favorite_movie	disney movies
user12160	has_hobby	reading
user12160	has_profession	waitress
user12160	like_sports	soccer
user12160	have_family	parents
user12161	like_activity	outdoors
user12161	have_pet	10 alpacas
user12161	own	home
user12161	like_food	locally sourced
user12161	member_of	city council
user12162	like_goto	starbucks
user12162	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user12162	like_goto	antique stores
user12162	have_pet	cat
user12162	favorite_food	subway
user12163	has_hobby	diet
user12163	has_age	32
user12163	marital_status	married
user12163	marital_status	married
user12164	physical_attribute	dumpy
user12164	like_general	skeleton
user12164	physical_attribute	long legs
user12165	favorite	california love
user12165	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user12165	have_vehicle	car
user12165	have_vehicle	car
user12165	like_music	rap
user12166	marital_status	married
user12166	have_chidren	toddler
user12166	like_music	taylor swift
user12167	has_ability	not swim
user12167	favorite_food	steak
user12168	has_profession	construction
user12168	favorite_food	ice cream
user12168	attend_school	university
user12169	has_hobby	video games
user12169	marital_status	married
user12169	physical_attribute	buff
user12170	want_job	restauranteur
user12170	has_profession	chef
user12170	like_activity	cooking
user12170	favorite_color	hunter green
user12171	place_origin	colorado
user12171	like_general	the weather
user12171	like_music	one direction
user12171	like_activity	hiking
user12172	misc_attribute	lazy
user12172	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12172	employed_by_general	factory
user12172	like_activity	sleeping
user12172	misc_attribute	antisocial
user12173	favorite_animal	koala
user12173	dislike	beer
user12173	job_status	employed
user12173	other	lives with a roommate
user12174	has_profession	zoologist
user12174	have	taught
user12174	job_status	with wife
user12175	like_animal	dog
user12175	misc_attribute	happy
user12175	like_activity	cooking
user12175	<blank>	<blank>
user12176	has_profession	welder
user12176	has_ability	play instrument
user12176	other	carnivore
user12176	other	gay
user12177	like_food	potato
user12177	has_profession	accountant
user12177	have_pet	2 dog
user12177	have	car
user12178	other	allergic to shellfish
user12178	like_activity	dancing
user12178	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user12179	has_ability	marathon runner
user12179	favorite	apple
user12179	like_general	morning
user12179	like_general	winter
user12179	like_sports	swimming
user12180	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user12180	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user12180	favorite_movie	good burger
user12180	like_activity	whittling
user12180	other	carnivore
user12181	like_general	brothers
user12181	like_read	crime
user12181	have_pet	2 dog
user12181	has_profession	receptionist
user12181	favorite_place	disney world
user12182	other	debt
user12182	own	bmw
user12182	like_activity	shopping
user12182	marital_status	single
user12182	have	friends
user12183	own	personal religion
user12183	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user12183	other	believe in ghosts
user12183	have_pet	4 dog
user12184	marital_status	married
user12184	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12184	like_music	the rolling stones
user12184	like_drink	soda
user12185	have_family	grandfather
user12185	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user12185	like_sports	basketball
user12185	have_pet	cat
user12186	like_food	locally sourced
user12186	like_activity	outdoors
user12186	own	home
user12186	member_of	city council
user12186	have_pet	10 alpacas
user12187	want	educated
user12187	have	something purple
user12187	employed_by_general	fast food
user12187	has_hobby	walking
user12187	favorite	mileena
user12188	has_age	53
user12188	physical_attribute	overweight
user12188	have_chidren	12 kids
user12188	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user12189	<blank>	<blank>
user12189	school_status	graduated
user12189	live_in_general	suburbs
user12189	have_chidren	3 children
user12189	has_profession	teacher
user12190	own	sneakers
user12190	favorite	sleep
user12190	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user12190	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user12191	have_pet	cat
user12191	has_hobby	gardening
user12191	have_chidren	children
user12191	like_activity	cooking
user12191	live_in_general	small city
user12192	employed_by_general	factory
user12192	misc_attribute	punctual
user12192	like_general	jokes
user12192	want_do	change the world
user12192	has_hobby	volunteer
user12193	have_chidren	1 daughter
user12193	has_profession	surgeon
user12194	misc_attribute	distant
user12194	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user12194	misc_attribute	reserved
user12194	want	food
user12194	like_general	forest
user12195	dislike	losing
user12195	favorite_season	spring
user12195	like_activity	fishing
user12196	school_status	student
user12196	job_status	employed
user12196	marital_status	married
user12196	like_goto	beach
user12196	like_general	blue
user12197	has_profession	programmer
user12197	place_origin	spain
user12197	dislike	dad
user12197	like_general	cardigans
user12198	like_general	time with friends
user12198	like_read	books
user12198	dislike	country
user12198	want_do	traveling
user12199	like_food	fish
user12199	misc_attribute	confident
user12199	other	democrat
user12199	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user12200	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user12200	misc_attribute	popular
user12200	have_pet	dog
user12201	has_ability	play instrument
user12201	like_activity	<blank>
user12201	want_do	home
user12201	has_profession	musician
user12201	have	friend
user12202	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user12202	like_general	money
user12202	other	feet smell
user12202	physical_attribute	blonde
user12203	member_of	sports team
user12203	misc_attribute	determined
user12203	has_hobby	football
user12203	like_goto	league
user12203	has_hobby	football
user12204	misc_attribute	healthy
user12204	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12204	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user12204	like_movie	romantic comedy
user12205	like_sports	surfing
user12205	has_profession	reality tv star
user12205	previous_profession	clown
user12205	like_music	country
user12206	like_activity	photography
user12206	like_activity	spending money
user12206	dislike	rising early
user12206	like_general	candles
user12206	like_general	rain
user12207	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user12207	like_goto	grocery store
user12207	employed_by_general	gas station
user12207	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user12208	like_activity	rollerblading
user12208	want_do	eating
user12208	like_food	sugar
user12208	other	am caucasian
user12208	like_sports	hockey
user12209	physical_attribute	tattooed
user12209	has_age	43
user12209	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user12209	has_hobby	traveling
user12210	have	1 blue eye
user12210	have_pet	cat
user12210	has_ability	speak language
user12211	attend_school	college
user12211	like_activity	writing
user12211	has_hobby	ride bike
user12211	own	glasses
user12211	have	laptop
user12212	job_status	employed
user12212	misc_attribute	literal
user12212	dislike	small talk
user12212	misc_attribute	smart
user12213	like_sports	boston celtics
user12213	like_food	chocolate
user12213	employed_by_general	a small
user12213	like_activity	walking
user12213	have_sibling	6 sister
user12214	like_activity	swimming
user12214	has_hobby	traveling
user12214	has_hobby	traveling
user12214	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user12215	other	democrat
user12215	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user12215	misc_attribute	confident
user12216	want	not to work
user12216	has_hobby	writing
user12216	like_general	pens
user12216	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user12216	want_do	make more money
user12217	want_job	publishing
user12217	want	autographs from authors
user12217	favorite_color	green
user12217	other	used to wear glasses
user12218	has_ability	cook
user12218	other	soccer mom
user12218	teach	cheerleading
user12218	employed_by_general	online company
user12219	has_profession	teacher
user12219	has_degree	bachelors
user12219	have_pet	dog
user12219	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user12220	has_ability	sleep
user12220	has_profession	electrician
user12220	like_food	hamburgers
user12220	dislike	winter
user12220	like_sports	running
user12221	other	youngest
user12221	like_activity	photography
user12221	have_sibling	2 brother
user12221	like_general	blue
user12221	school_status	student
user12222	physical_attribute	short
user12222	have_sibling	4 sibling
user12223	marital_status	married
user12223	want_do	vacation
user12223	has_profession	semi trucks
user12224	physical_attribute	eyes
user12224	misc_attribute	above average
user12224	not_have	degree
user12224	like_food	meat
user12224	like_general	desert
user12225	has_hobby	reading
user12225	live_in_general	basement
user12225	like_animal	cat
user12225	other	vegetarian
user12225	employed_by_general	flower shop
user12226	has_profession	editing
user12226	have_pet	cat
user12226	live_in_general	"parents house"
user12226	have_family	1 father
user12227	other	vegan
user12227	like_activity	cycling
user12227	like_music	guitar
user12227	like_activity	skateboarding
user12228	school_status	major in business administration
user12228	employed_by_general	daycare
user12228	attend_school	university
user12228	have	a significant other
user12229	like_activity	story telling
user12229	want_job	writer
user12229	have_chidren	2 daughter
user12229	have_family	0 husband
user12229	teach	english literature
user12230	attend_school	university
user12230	live_in_general	city
user12230	employed_by_general	bank
user12231	have_chidren	2 son
user12231	like_goto	museum
user12231	like_goto	wine tours
user12231	like_activity	painting
user12232	have_vehicle	van
user12232	like_activity	recycling
user12232	have	2 tattoos
user12232	other	hippie
user12233	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user12233	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user12233	has_hobby	archery
user12233	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user12234	marital_status	married
user12234	like_activity	reading
user12234	has_profession	teacher
user12234	favorite_place	beach
user12235	like_activity	fishing
user12235	favorite_season	summer
user12235	like_music	classic
user12235	like_general	impala
user12236	want_do	traveling
user12236	dislike	country
user12236	like_general	time with friends
user12236	like_read	books
user12237	like_movie	romantic comedy
user12237	like_activity	writing
user12237	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12237	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user12237	misc_attribute	healthy
user12238	has_profession	driver
user12238	have_chidren	2 children
user12238	has_hobby	camping
user12238	has_profession	truck driver
user12238	favorite_hobby	baseball
user12239	like_music	all genres
user12239	have_chidren	5 children
user12239	<blank>	<blank>
user12239	<blank>	<blank>
user12240	have	medication
user12240	like_activity	swimming
user12240	has_hobby	running
user12240	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user12241	has_hobby	cycling
user12241	marital_status	single
user12242	have	boyfriend
user12242	physical_attribute	short hair
user12242	has_ability	play instrument
user12242	favorite_color	yellow
user12243	want	magic was real
user12243	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user12243	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user12243	like_general	christmas
user12243	have_chidren	daughter
user12244	member_of	community center
user12244	other	allergies
user12244	like_watching	horror
user12244	has_ability	play instrument
user12245	have_pet	3 cat
user12245	have_vehicle	honda
user12245	like_food	candy
user12245	misc_attribute	funny
user12246	have_pet	dog
user12246	like_read	pride and prejudice
user12246	favorite	school subject
user12246	like_sports	soccer
user12246	have_sibling	sister
user12247	has_profession	aquarium builder
user12247	have_sibling	6 brother
user12248	gender	male
user12248	has_hobby	ice hockey
user12248	attend_school	high school
user12248	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12248	favorite	math
user12249	has_profession	musician
user12249	has_ability	play instrument
user12249	like_activity	<blank>
user12249	want_do	home
user12249	have	friend
user12250	like_activity	cooking
user12250	want_job	baker
user12250	has_profession	9 to 5
user12250	has_hobby	volunteer
user12251	has_age	50
user12251	have_chidren	children
user12251	like_food	ice cream
user12251	marital_status	married
user12252	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user12252	<blank>	<blank>
user12252	has_profession	musician
user12252	job_status	employed
user12253	live_in_general	rural
user12253	favorite_activity	robotics
user12253	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user12253	other	conservative
user12254	favorite	rose
user12254	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user12254	have_pet	cat
user12254	has_age	21
user12254	school_status	student
user12255	<blank>	<blank>
user12255	has_ability	play instrument
user12255	live_in_general	alone
user12255	has_hobby	cooking
user12256	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user12256	like_watching	youtube
user12256	physical_attribute	brunette
user12256	like_activity	sleeping
user12257	like_activity	singing
user12257	place_origin	trailer park
user12257	like_food	wings
user12257	has_profession	truck driver
user12257	have_chidren	3 children
user12258	like_activity	going to bars
user12258	like_activity	dating women
user12258	like_activity	working out
user12258	job_status	retired
user12259	dislike	snake
user12259	like_activity	hiking
user12259	like_general	red
user12260	like_general	baltimore ravens
user12260	has_profession	athlete
user12260	like_sports	football
user12260	has_hobby	football
user12260	has_hobby	football
user12261	dislike	sports
user12261	has_hobby	archery
user12261	want_do	sports
user12261	has_ability	sport
user12261	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12262	like_sports	basketball
user12262	has_hobby	working out
user12262	like_watching	sport
user12262	have	many cars
user12263	like_activity	reading
user12263	like_activity	reading
user12263	like_watching	tv
user12263	favorite_book	harry potter books
user12264	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user12264	has_profession	comedian
user12264	have	local theater gig
user12264	previous_profession	actor
user12265	other	orphan
user12265	previous_profession	pilot
user12265	place_origin	nevada
user12265	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user12266	have_pet	dog
user12266	favorite	third-party softtware
user12266	favorite_food	shrimp
user12266	like_activity	watching videos
user12266	like_food	pumpkins
user12267	has_profession	mechanic
user12267	have_vehicle	car
user12267	have_pet	1 dog
user12267	like_sports	surfing
user12267	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user12268	like_sports	basketball
user12268	has_profession	car sales
user12268	own	acara
user12268	favorite_drink	beer coors
user12269	like_watching	the voice
user12269	favorite_activity	museums
user12269	like_goto	places
user12269	attend_school	princeton
user12270	like_activity	cooking
user12270	job_status	employed
user12270	other	am lesbian
user12270	like_activity	singing
user12270	have	a girlfriend
user12271	has_ability	speak language
user12271	favorite_food	ravioli
user12271	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user12271	have_family	father
user12272	like_activity	shopping
user12272	employed_by_company	monsanto
user12272	other	mother
user12272	like_read	fantasy
user12273	<blank>	<blank>
user12273	job_status	employed
user12273	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user12273	has_profession	musician
user12274	has_hobby	gymnastics
user12274	favorite_drink	coffee
user12274	have	boyfriend
user12274	have_pet	cat
user12274	dislike	chalk
user12275	like_drink	chocolate
user12275	own	iphone 7
user12275	have	allergy
user12276	misc_attribute	introvert
user12276	attend_school	graduate school
user12276	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user12276	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12277	have	seashells
user12277	have_pet	2 dog
user12277	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12277	like_general	horses
user12278	has_hobby	yoga
user12278	want	be millionaire
user12278	like_watching	sport
user12278	other	vegan
user12278	like_sports	hockey
user12279	have	2 smartphones
user12279	like_read	<blank>
user12279	other	vegan
user12279	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user12280	misc_attribute	lazy
user12280	other	bad luck with relationships
user12280	job_status	employed
user12280	dislike	homework
user12281	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user12281	has_hobby	traveling
user12281	has_profession	truck driver
user12281	physical_attribute	tattooed
user12281	has_age	43
user12282	like_goto	casino
user12282	employed_by_general	brewery
user12282	like_drink	32 beer
user12282	like_activity	traveling
user12282	marital_status	married
user12283	employed_by_general	brewery
user12283	like_goto	casino
user12283	like_activity	traveling
user12283	like_drink	32 beer
user12284	marital_status	engaged
user12284	marital_status	engaged
user12285	like_activity	talking on the phone
user12285	like_activity	gambling
user12285	like_activity	hiking
user12285	has_ability	1 speak language
user12285	like_food	vegetables
user12286	like_food	sweets
user12286	like_activity	sleeping
user12286	has_hobby	cs and ds
user12286	attend_school	high school
user12286	like_music	bruno mars
user12287	favorite_color	orange
user12287	have_pet	2 cat
user12287	like_watching	sport
user12287	dislike	running
user12287	have_chidren	child
user12288	like_watching	disney movies
user12288	like_activity	dance
user12288	attend_school	high school
user12288	member_of	dance team
user12289	have_family	<blank>
user12289	like_activity	bowling
user12289	misc_attribute	family man
user12289	has_profession	pediatrician
user12289	marital_status	married
user12290	marital_status	engaged
user12290	like_animal	animals
user12290	like_read	history
user12290	employed_by_general	theater
user12291	place_origin	farm
user12291	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user12291	like_activity	reading
user12291	have	fibromyalgia
user12291	like_activity	beadworking
user12292	dislike	red meat
user12292	physical_attribute	brunette
user12292	like_sports	surfing
user12292	like_watching	sunsets
user12292	live_in_general	near the ocean
user12293	like_activity	watching sunsets
user12293	job_status	unemployed
user12293	has_profession	<blank>
user12293	like_watching	sun rise
user12294	has_profession	retailer
user12294	have_sibling	8 children
user12294	like_goto	mcdonald
user12294	have	friends
user12294	want	love
user12295	favorite_food	mexican food
user12295	like_music	the rolling stones
user12295	other	mother
user12295	has_profession	nurse
user12296	like_general	model building
user12296	have_family	0 mother
user12296	like_goto	comedy clubs
user12296	place_origin	england
user12297	have_vehicle	car
user12297	own	red lipstick
user12297	like_general	red shoes
user12297	<blank>	<blank>
user12298	like_activity	shopping
user12298	have	2 tattoos
user12298	have_pet	cat
user12298	favorite_hobby	knitting
user12299	job_status	work all the time
user12299	have_vehicle	car
user12299	job_status	employed
user12300	have_chidren	2 children
user12300	physical_attribute	short
user12300	dislike	tomato
user12300	gender	female
user12301	like_music	concerts
user12301	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user12301	has_profession	librarian
user12301	like_food	italian cuisine
user12302	have_family	grandmother
user12302	job_status	employed
user12302	marital_status	divorced
user12302	have_chidren	2 children
user12303	marital_status	single
user12303	has_profession	waiter
user12304	want_job	athlete
user12304	favorite_food	spaghetti
user12304	attend_school	elementary school
user12304	like_music	one direction
user12305	has_hobby	running
user12305	previous_profession	movie theater
user12305	like_food	spicy
user12305	want	a new camera
user12305	physical_attribute	long hair
user12306	marital_status	married
user12306	has_profession	carpenter
user12306	have_sibling	sibling
user12306	like_general	red
user12306	previous_profession	slave
user12307	like_read	<blank>
user12307	like_activity	swimming
user12307	other	epileptic
user12307	have_chidren	1 son
user12308	misc_attribute	religious
user12308	misc_attribute	religious
user12308	misc_attribute	weak
user12309	has_hobby	walking
user12309	has_profession	gamer
user12309	marital_status	single
user12309	like_activity	play league of legends
user12310	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user12310	like_general	blue
user12310	have_sibling	3 sibling
user12311	favorite_color	green
user12311	like_activity	swimming
user12311	like_activity	cooking
user12312	misc_attribute	above average
user12312	not_have	degree
user12312	like_general	desert
user12312	physical_attribute	eyes
user12312	like_food	meat
user12313	want_job	unspecified
user12313	have_pet	1 dog
user12313	have_sibling	2 sibling
user12313	like_general	red
user12314	want	parents
user12314	own	mansion
user12314	has_ability	300 speak language
user12314	dislike	school
user12315	attend_school	university
user12315	have_family	only child
user12315	attend_school	high school
user12315	has_hobby	dancing
user12316	other	feet smell
user12316	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user12316	physical_attribute	blonde
user12317	has_age	21
user12317	have_pet	cat
user12317	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user12317	school_status	student
user12318	favorite	superman
user12318	other	<blank>
user12318	like_read	comics
user12318	want_job	superhero
user12318	has_age	8
user12319	like_activity	cooking
user12319	have_pet	cat
user12319	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12319	previous_profession	nurse
user12320	other	am blind
user12320	has_hobby	driving
user12320	has_profession	disc jockey
user12320	have	friends
user12320	physical_attribute	handicapped
user12321	want	ferret
user12321	have_family	mother
user12321	has_hobby	blogging
user12321	other	allergies
user12321	like_general	line drying clothing
user12322	have_chidren	2 son
user12322	has_hobby	camping
user12322	like_activity	horseback riding
user12322	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user12323	dislike	working
user12323	like_activity	survivalism
user12323	other	free spirit
user12323	like_general	family and fun
user12324	favorite_music	rock
user12324	want	travel
user12324	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user12324	have_pet	2 dog
user12325	have_pet	1 dog
user12325	want_job	journalist
user12325	has_ability	play instrument
user12325	other	shoe size
user12325	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user12326	misc_attribute	organized
user12326	like_general	saving money
user12326	want_job	artist
user12326	has_hobby	couponing
user12326	like_activity	shopping
user12327	employed_by_general	laboratory
user12327	other	vegan
user12327	have_sibling	2 brother
user12327	like_activity	sleeping in
user12328	misc_attribute	sheltered
user12328	attend_school	university
user12328	want_do	raise hell
user12328	has_age	17
user12328	school_status	student
user12329	has_hobby	running
user12329	have	medication
user12329	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user12329	like_activity	swimming
user12329	like_activity	video games
user12330	other	vegan
user12330	like_animal	animals
user12330	school_status	student
user12330	like_read	<blank>
user12331	have_pet	reptile
user12331	other	character
user12331	job_status	internship
user12332	own	bmw
user12332	like_activity	shopping
user12332	other	debt
user12332	marital_status	single
user12333	like_activity	baking
user12333	has_hobby	photography
user12333	<blank>	<blank>
user12333	has_profession	chef
user12333	like_activity	traveling
user12334	school_status	student
user12334	attend_school	graduate school
user12334	like_food	sushi
user12334	has_hobby	cooking
user12335	like_goto	beach
user12335	like_food	strawberry
user12335	have_pet	2 cat
user12335	like_food	food with no animal product
user12336	favorite	holiday is halloween
user12336	like_drink	milk shakes
user12336	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user12336	own	bike
user12336	have_pet	dog
user12337	live_in_general	sister
user12337	have_family	uncle
user12337	misc_attribute	afraid
user12337	like_read	<blank>
user12337	like_activity	clean
user12338	like_music	yo gotti
user12338	misc_attribute	motivated
user12338	job_status	seeking employment
user12339	have_chidren	children
user12339	has_hobby	gardening
user12339	live_in_general	small city
user12339	have_pet	cat
user12340	like_activity	swimming
user12340	like_activity	video games
user12340	has_hobby	running
user12340	have	medication
user12341	have	medical bills
user12341	other	familiarity with hospitals and doctors
user12341	other	0 chewing food
user12341	physical_attribute	slow
user12342	like_food	beets
user12342	live_in_general	farm
user12342	has_profession	salesman
user12343	misc_attribute	intelligent
user12343	like_drink	whiskey
user12343	has_profession	janitor
user12343	own	wear contacts
user12343	like_general	place
user12344	favorite	rose
user12344	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user12344	school_status	student
user12344	has_age	21
user12344	have_pet	cat
user12345	misc_attribute	religious
user12345	has_hobby	singing
user12345	has_profession	teacher
user12345	favorite	donna karen clothes
user12345	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user12346	want	magic was real
user12346	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user12346	have_chidren	daughter
user12346	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user12346	like_general	christmas
user12347	live_in_general	apartment
user12347	has_age	25
user12347	have_chidren	daughter
user12347	like_general	taking her to the park
user12348	marital_status	single
user12348	have	bas social life
user12348	like_general	going to bed late
user12348	has_profession	make robots
user12349	own	cupcake business
user12349	employed_by_general	diner
user12349	like_activity	singing
user12349	have	roommate
user12350	like_food	meatloaf
user12350	have_vehicle	car
user12350	like_music	0 toto
user12350	have_pet	dog
user12351	misc_attribute	organized
user12351	misc_attribute	overeat
user12351	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user12351	has_profession	teacher
user12352	has_hobby	fashion
user12352	favorite_book	the bible
user12352	has_profession	barista
user12352	live_in_general	apartment
user12352	like_goto	craft shows
user12353	has_profession	at bar
user12353	has_ability	play instrument
user12353	like_music	country
user12353	has_ability	cook
user12354	like_general	being a guy
user12354	like_food	burrito
user12354	like_movie	shows
user12354	like_activity	hiking
user12354	have_family	mother
user12355	school_status	student
user12355	like_goto	outdoors
user12355	place_origin	california
user12355	like_general	recycling
user12356	school_status	graduate student
user12356	attend_school	none
user12356	misc_attribute	always early
user12356	school_status	student
user12356	has_profession	volunteering
user12357	favorite_food	jello
user12357	have_pet	4 pet
user12357	like_activity	card game
user12357	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user12358	dislike	spiders
user12358	like_drink	chai tea
user12358	have_pet	dog
user12358	has_profession	computer technician
user12359	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user12359	like_animal	dog
user12359	have_pet	3 iguana
user12359	have_sibling	brother
user12360	physical_attribute	attractive
user12360	dislike	dust
user12360	like_animal	cat
user12360	have	allergies
user12360	physical_attribute	red skin
user12361	have	50000 subscribers
user12361	has_ability	make up
user12361	attend_school	beauty classes
user12361	like_watching	make up tutorials
user12361	has_hobby	youtube
user12362	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user12362	like_read	crime
user12362	has_profession	zoologist
user12362	favorite_animal	panda
user12363	favorite	holiday
user12363	own	house
user12363	employed_by_general	craft store
user12363	like_music	alternative rock
user12363	like_activity	crocheting
user12364	like_general	blue
user12364	gender	transfemale
user12364	has_age	20
user12364	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12364	like_food	pizza
user12365	want_job	entrepreneur
user12365	like_activity	politics
user12365	have_vehicle	car
user12365	like_sports	fan
user12365	like_activity	hanging out
user12366	like_animal	dog
user12366	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user12366	place_origin	san francisco
user12366	have_sibling	1 sister
user12366	like_activity	travel
user12367	other	vegan
user12367	like_goto	dates
user12367	school_status	student
user12367	school_status	student
user12368	member_of	sports team
user12368	has_hobby	football
user12368	misc_attribute	determined
user12368	has_hobby	football
user12368	like_goto	league
user12369	has_ability	play instrument
user12369	place_origin	chicago
user12369	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12369	have_family	sibling
user12370	employed_by_general	museum
user12370	like_goto	park
user12370	has_hobby	reading
user12370	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user12370	other	not many friends
user12371	own	greenhouse
user12371	has_hobby	soap making
user12371	has_ability	composting
user12371	<blank>	<blank>
user12371	favorite_food	fruit
user12372	have	problems
user12372	physical_attribute	short
user12372	like_food	takeout
user12372	like_animal	animals
user12373	marital_status	married
user12373	has_profession	carpenter
user12373	have_sibling	sibling
user12373	previous_profession	slave
user12373	like_general	red
user12374	like_activity	outdoors
user12374	like_activity	dance
user12374	gender	female
user12374	attend_school	preschool
user12375	misc_attribute	scared
user12375	have_sibling	4 sibling
user12375	have_vehicle	honda
user12375	school_status	student
user12376	physical_attribute	short
user12376	like_watching	stars
user12376	misc_attribute	often late
user12376	has_hobby	pet
user12376	want	porsche
user12377	has_hobby	working out
user12377	like_sports	basketball
user12377	like_watching	sport
user12377	have	many cars
user12378	like_sports	soccer
user12378	have_pet	dog
user12378	have_sibling	sister
user12378	favorite	school subject
user12378	like_read	pride and prejudice
user12379	like_music	<blank>
user12379	favorite_activity	museums
user12379	attend_school	princeton
user12379	like_watching	the voice
user12379	like_goto	places
user12380	like_general	blue
user12380	physical_attribute	blonde
user12380	has_hobby	cooking
user12381	favorite	pancakes
user12381	like_goto	outdoors
user12381	has_hobby	biking
user12381	marital_status	in a relationship
user12382	have	laugh
user12382	marital_status	single
user12382	employed_by_general	publishing building
user12382	like_activity	cooking
user12383	has_ability	play instrument
user12383	has_hobby	play
user12383	want	to adopt a dog
user12383	like_food	indian cuisine
user12384	job_status	employed
user12384	like_activity	reading
user12384	have_pet	cat
user12384	like_general	comics
user12384	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user12385	have	local theater gig
user12385	place_origin	small town
user12385	has_profession	comedian
user12385	previous_profession	actor
user12386	has_ability	fall up stairs
user12386	like_food	french fries
user12386	employed_by_company	del taco
user12387	favorite_hobby	reading
user12387	favorite_food	pizza
user12387	marital_status	single
user12387	favorite	subject was science
user12388	like_general	being outside
user12388	like_activity	swimming
user12388	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user12388	like_general	pink
user12389	school_status	student
user12389	like_food	ice cream
user12389	like_activity	painting
user12389	like_food	cookies
user12389	like_food	pasta
user12390	like_sports	swimming
user12390	like_food	large meals
user12390	attend_school	university
user12390	has_hobby	exercise
user12390	misc_attribute	social
user12391	like_activity	working out
user12391	like_activity	traveling
user12391	has_profession	travel agent
user12392	like_music	strange music
user12392	want	live in iceland
user12392	want	something interesting
user12392	like_general	cold winters
user12393	<blank>	<blank>
user12393	has_profession	author
user12393	live_in_general	alone
user12393	has_hobby	shopping
user12393	other	"dont believe in love"
user12394	like_general	natural world beauty
user12394	like_activity	hiking
user12394	like_read	fantasy
user12394	like_animal	all animals
user12395	employed_by_general	restaurant
user12395	has_hobby	cooking
user12395	have_pet	1 dog
user12396	like_food	kale
user12396	have_pet	2 cat
user12396	have_family	2 children
user12396	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user12397	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user12397	has_profession	engineer
user12397	employed_by_company	google
user12397	like_food	lobster
user12397	employed_by_company	google
user12398	employed_by_general	government
user12398	like_sports	sports
user12398	like_sports	baseball
user12399	like_music	country
user12399	like_activity	dancing
user12399	own	farm
user12399	like_animal	animals
user12400	have	wheel chair
user12400	have_chidren	2 children
user12400	gender	female
user12400	dislike	tomato
user12400	physical_attribute	short
user12401	job_status	employed
user12401	have	bowled a 300 twice
user12401	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user12402	have_pet	dog
user12402	like_activity	fishing
user12402	has_ability	cannibal
user12402	has_hobby	boat making
user12402	live_in_general	island
user12403	physical_attribute	6 tall
user12403	like_activity	dancing
user12403	like_activity	running
user12403	other	tall family.
user12403	like_goto	school
user12404	favorite_color	purple
user12404	live_in_general	park
user12404	not_have	car
user12404	has_hobby	listens
user12404	not_have	child
user12405	want_job	actress
user12405	other	allergies
user12405	dislike	beach
user12405	has_profession	writer
user12406	like_general	candles
user12406	like_activity	photography
user12406	like_activity	spending money
user12406	dislike	rising early
user12406	like_general	rain
user12407	place_origin	seattle
user12407	has_profession	public relations
user12407	other	vegan
user12407	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user12407	other	buddhist
user12408	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12408	dislike	running
user12408	has_ability	running
user12409	employed_by_general	brewery
user12409	marital_status	married
user12409	like_goto	casino
user12409	like_activity	traveling
user12410	misc_attribute	team player
user12410	has_hobby	soccer
user12410	favorite	nike cleats
user12410	other	42 number is
user12410	has_hobby	goalie
user12411	like_drink	coke
user12411	like_activity	baking
user12411	like_animal	dog
user12411	like_food	bagels
user12412	has_age	14
user12412	like_general	sports cars
user12412	like_sports	swimming
user12412	have	3 best friends
user12412	favorite_activity	research race cars
user12413	dislike	pizza
user12413	like_read	<blank>
user12413	have	no television
user12413	has_profession	teacher
user12414	like_general	prince
user12414	other	puerto rican / chinese
user12414	has_ability	2 speak language
user12414	like_music	blues
user12414	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user12415	misc_attribute	insecure
user12415	dislike	rejection from parents
user12415	misc_attribute	confused
user12415	other	sexual identity
user12415	gender	different
user12416	like_animal	dog
user12416	place_origin	san francisco
user12416	have_sibling	1 sister
user12416	like_activity	travel
user12416	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user12417	like_watching	science fiction
user12417	employed_by_general	railroad
user12417	other	omnivore
user12417	like_food	pretzels
user12417	like_music	vnv nation
user12418	has_profession	gamer
user12418	like_activity	play league of legends
user12418	has_hobby	walking
user12418	marital_status	single
user12418	like_animal	dog
user12419	have_vehicle	honda
user12419	dislike	left turns
user12419	have_sibling	4 sibling
user12419	job_status	employed
user12419	school_status	failing
user12420	employed_by_company	monsanto
user12420	like_read	fantasy
user12420	like_activity	shopping
user12420	other	mother
user12420	like_activity	swimming
user12421	has_hobby	check reflection
user12421	other	care about way i look
user12421	has_hobby	shopping
user12421	misc_attribute	suspicious
user12421	like_general	self
user12422	have_family	wife
user12422	have_chidren	children
user12422	has_profession	baker
user12422	want_do	retire
user12423	own	truck
user12423	have	beard
user12423	live_in_general	farm
user12423	school_status	graduated
user12424	has_age	25
user12424	live_in_general	apartment
user12424	like_general	taking her to the park
user12425	want_job	baker
user12425	has_profession	9 to 5
user12425	like_activity	cooking
user12426	school_status	graduated
user12426	want_job	teacher
user12426	has_ability	play instrument
user12426	has_profession	finance
user12426	have_chidren	son
user12427	has_profession	cleaner
user12427	like_activity	cooking
user12427	marital_status	married
user12427	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user12428	has_ability	speak language
user12428	want	to be something else
user12428	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user12428	physical_attribute	6 tall
user12429	has_profession	writer
user12429	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user12429	misc_attribute	intelligent
user12429	has_ability	cook
user12429	has_ability	perfect pitch
user12430	job_status	employed
user12430	have	nickname
user12430	like_watching	anime
user12430	like_general	bartolo colon
user12431	like_activity	shopping
user12431	like_goto	pool
user12431	have	"dont have children"
user12431	has_hobby	yoga
user12432	have	obsession with dog
user12432	like_goto	beach
user12432	school_status	graduate student
user12432	other	am the best aunt
user12433	misc_attribute	intelligent
user12433	like_drink	whiskey
user12433	own	wear contacts
user12433	has_profession	janitor
user12433	like_general	place
user12434	want_do	video games
user12434	employed_by_company	scrubway
user12434	like_music	country
user12434	attend_school	university
user12434	misc_attribute	optimistic
user12435	has_profession	veterinarian
user12435	have_pet	2 dog
user12435	have_pet	2 dog
user12436	live_in_general	pig farm
user12436	want_do	<blank>
user12436	have	allergies
user12436	dislike	animals in general
user12436	other	vegetarian
user12437	school_status	dropped out
user12437	has_ability	read foreign language
user12437	has_ability	read
user12437	like_activity	reading
user12437	like_activity	reading
user12438	employed_by_general	restaurant
user12438	have_pet	1 dog
user12438	has_hobby	cooking
user12439	want	someone
user12439	employed_by_general	architect firm
user12439	like_activity	fishing
user12439	have_pet	3 dog
user12440	dislike	mexican food
user12440	have_family	wife
user12440	like_food	cheetos
user12440	have	4 visited mexico
user12441	employed_by_general	clinic
user12441	have	1 rose tattoo
user12441	attend_school	dental
user12441	have	tattoos
user12441	like_general	silver
user12442	like_activity	video games
user12442	job_status	unemployed
user12442	like_music	rock
user12442	other	diabetic
user12443	favorite_sport	football
user12443	have_vehicle	camper
user12443	previous_profession	veteran
user12443	like_activity	working out
user12443	has_profession	truck driver
user12444	own	house
user12444	employed_by_general	craft store
user12444	like_music	alternative rock
user12444	favorite	holiday
user12444	like_activity	crocheting
user12445	like_goto	comic-con
user12445	like_general	anime
user12445	like_music	techno
user12446	has_profession	technician
user12446	like_read	history
user12447	favorite_movie	16 candles
user12447	have_chidren	2 children
user12447	like_food	cheesecake
user12447	like_activity	running
user12447	job_status	employed
user12448	have_sibling	5 sibling
user12448	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user12448	has_profession	waitress
user12448	like_activity	drawing
user12449	like_animal	all animals
user12449	favorite_music	country
user12449	other	vegan
user12449	previous_profession	actress
user12450	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user12450	marital_status	married
user12450	has_hobby	yoga
user12450	has_hobby	volunteer
user12451	misc_attribute	simple
user12451	dislike	pretty
user12451	has_hobby	drink beers
user12451	like_activity	fishing
user12451	like_activity	fishing
user12452	favorite_animal	panda
user12452	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user12452	like_food	egg
user12452	has_profession	zoologist
user12453	like_music	rap
user12453	have_family	mother
user12453	has_profession	paramedic
user12453	marital_status	single
user12454	attend_school	university
user12454	want_job	teacher
user12454	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12455	have	allergy
user12455	like_drink	chocolate
user12455	own	iphone 7
user12456	have	terrible singing voice
user12456	has_hobby	writing
user12456	has_profession	cook
user12456	like_general	grateful dead
user12456	has_hobby	hiking
user12457	have_family	daughter
user12457	have_chidren	3 daughter
user12457	gender	female
user12457	has_hobby	baking
user12458	like_animal	parrot
user12458	other	disappointment
user12458	want_do	go to beach
user12458	like_activity	climbing
user12458	have_family	sibling
user12459	like_activity	hiking
user12459	like_activity	skiing
user12459	like_music	one direction
user12459	like_general	the weather
user12459	place_origin	colorado
user12460	want_do	skydiving
user12460	have_sibling	twin brother
user12460	like_activity	gardening
user12460	has_ability	play instrument
user12461	physical_attribute	brunette
user12461	favorite_season	fall
user12461	marital_status	single
user12461	like_activity	sleeping in
user12462	have_sibling	sister
user12462	want_do	<blank>
user12462	want_do	schooling
user12462	like_watching	netflix
user12463	marital_status	single
user12463	employed_by_general	publishing building
user12463	like_activity	cooking
user12463	have	laugh
user12463	gender	female
user12464	have_pet	2 dog
user12464	has_ability	speak language
user12464	has_profession	artist
user12464	has_hobby	hiking
user12464	want_do	move
user12465	like_food	meat
user12465	has_ability	computer repair
user12465	live_in_general	far from home
user12465	physical_attribute	red hair
user12466	has_hobby	running
user12466	has_profession	veterinarian
user12466	have_family	2 nephew
user12467	has_hobby	cycling
user12467	has_profession	waiter
user12467	marital_status	single
user12468	place_origin	new york
user12468	want_job	teacher
user12468	like_sports	football
user12468	school_status	student
user12468	want_do	study abroad in spain
user12469	has_age	7
user12469	like_sports	soccer
user12469	school_status	rejected
user12470	has_profession	veterinarian
user12470	other	christian
user12470	favorite_movie	horror
user12470	like_activity	reading
user12471	like_activity	dancing
user12471	like_goto	school
user12471	like_activity	running
user12471	other	tall family.
user12472	<blank>	<blank>
user12472	like_activity	walking
user12472	like_activity	cooking
user12473	misc_attribute	athletic
user12473	school_status	student
user12473	like_animal	cat
user12473	physical_attribute	strong
user12474	attend_school	high school
user12474	like_watching	disney movies
user12474	like_activity	dance
user12474	member_of	dance team
user12475	like_food	chocolate
user12475	want_do	have kids
user12475	has_ability	play instrument
user12475	place_origin	georgia
user12476	has_profession	accountant
user12476	other	vegan
user12476	has_hobby	hiking
user12476	favorite	bob ross
user12477	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user12477	have	nickname
user12477	like_activity	singing
user12478	like_music	jazz
user12478	like_activity	bingo
user12478	have_pet	3 dog
user12478	like_general	my family
user12479	own	consulting firm
user12479	has_profession	owner
user12479	job_status	employed
user12479	job_status	employed
user12479	has_ability	lucky
user12480	misc_attribute	fair
user12480	want_job	in the federal court
user12480	has_profession	judge
user12480	previous_profession	lawyer
user12480	other	albert
user12481	dislike	music
user12481	other	nick
user12481	misc_attribute	friendly
user12481	have_vehicle	scooter
user12482	has_profession	physical therapist
user12482	have_pet	3 dog
user12482	have_chidren	2 children
user12482	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user12483	like_activity	skiing
user12483	like_food	cheetos
user12483	have_family	wife
user12483	have	4 visited mexico
user12483	dislike	mexican food
user12484	like_goto	starbucks
user12484	have_pet	cat
user12484	favorite_food	subway
user12484	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user12484	like_goto	antique stores
user12485	like_general	babies
user12485	like_activity	socialize
user12485	have_chidren	5 children
user12485	like_general	gadgets
user12485	like_activity	drawing
user12486	misc_attribute	unstable
user12486	want	voice
user12486	physical_attribute	have back pain
user12486	misc_attribute	passionate
user12487	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user12487	have_pet	2 dog
user12487	like_animal	dog
user12487	have_pet	2 dog
user12488	favorite_activity	cooking
user12488	own	trophies
user12488	like_activity	singing
user12488	other	can sim very quickly
user12489	has_ability	to move out
user12489	has_hobby	larping
user12489	have_family	father
user12489	has_profession	general
user12490	favorite_food	steak
user12490	like_music	rap
user12490	own	black car
user12490	like_food	meat
user12491	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user12491	like_general	red
user12491	has_hobby	water sports
user12492	marital_status	married
user12492	live_in_general	boat
user12492	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user12492	own	salon
user12493	member_of	band
user12493	live_in_general	city
user12493	like_drink	beer
user12494	has_profession	salesman
user12494	live_in_general	farm
user12494	like_food	beets
user12495	like_general	place
user12495	favorite_color	red
user12495	have_pet	2 dog
user12495	other	wild child
user12495	want_do	travel
user12496	own	rose garden
user12496	like_drink	coffee
user12496	like_activity	swimming
user12497	like_activity	hiking
user12497	like_activity	traveling
user12497	like_activity	mountain biking
user12498	has_ability	earn passive income
user12498	have	bizarre dreams
user12498	like_activity	surfing
user12498	marital_status	single
user12498	like_music	muggers
user12499	like_animal	dog
user12499	school_status	student
user12499	want_job	veterinarian
user12499	like_sports	field hockey
user12499	has_age	15
user12500	like_food	all
user12500	want	win lottery
user12500	have_vehicle	car
user12500	like_music	rock
user12501	live_in_general	a cold location
user12501	have	beard
user12501	other	viking
user12502	like_sports	field hockey
user12502	like_animal	dog
user12502	has_age	15
user12502	school_status	student
user12503	misc_attribute	independent
user12503	favorite_food	onion
user12503	physical_attribute	curly
user12503	like_activity	gardening
user12504	have_vehicle	car
user12504	job_status	work all the time
user12504	job_status	employed
user12505	school_status	student
user12505	attend_school	university
user12505	misc_attribute	sheltered
user12505	has_age	17
user12506	has_profession	truck driver
user12506	physical_attribute	tattooed
user12506	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user12506	has_age	43
user12506	has_hobby	traveling
user12507	have	beard
user12507	physical_attribute	buff
user12507	like_activity	fashion
user12507	has_profession	attorney
user12507	like_watching	comedy
user12508	like_sports	basketball
user12508	have_chidren	children
user12508	has_hobby	hunting
user12508	marital_status	not married
user12508	like_activity	singing
user12509	physical_attribute	freckles
user12509	has_profession	builder
user12509	like_read	romance
user12509	employed_by_general	army
user12510	have_vehicle	mercedes
user12510	marital_status	engaged
user12510	has_profession	babysitter
user12510	like_food	1 sugar
user12511	like_general	wearing black clothing
user12511	like_music	rock
user12511	own	black car
user12511	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user12512	want_do	travel
user12512	teach	arts
user12512	want_do	<blank>
user12512	like_animal	unicorns
user12512	has_ability	playing pool
user12513	other	vegan
user12513	favorite	bob ross
user12513	has_hobby	hiking
user12513	has_profession	accountant
user12514	like_activity	hiking
user12514	like_food	fish
user12514	dislike	losing things
user12514	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user12515	like_food	chocolate
user12515	like_activity	walking
user12515	like_sports	boston celtics
user12515	employed_by_general	a small
user12515	have_sibling	6 sister
user12516	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user12516	dislike	green eggs and ham
user12516	like_activity	cooking
user12516	like_activity	swimming
user12516	have_pet	4 dog
user12517	like_goto	movie theater
user12517	job_status	employed
user12517	like_general	<blank>
user12517	like_activity	walking
user12518	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user12518	like_general	furniture
user12518	has_ability	play instrument
user12518	own	cds
user12518	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user12519	have	debt
user12519	school_status	student
user12519	like_music	electronic
user12519	like_goto	nature
user12519	want	move to another country
user12520	favorite_color	green
user12520	job_status	employed
user12520	like_general	car
user12520	like_activity	travel
user12520	like_animal	cat
user12521	have	local theater gig
user12521	place_origin	small town
user12521	has_profession	comedian
user12521	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user12521	previous_profession	actor
user12522	have_chidren	2 children
user12522	job_status	employed
user12522	dislike	cleaning
user12522	physical_attribute	brunette
user12523	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12523	has_profession	finance
user12523	has_hobby	painting
user12523	dislike	cleaning
user12524	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12524	dislike	tofu
user12524	have_vehicle	prius
user12525	live_in_general	city
user12525	misc_attribute	helpful
user12525	other	walking
user12526	want	money
user12526	misc_attribute	smart
user12526	have_pet	dog
user12527	want_job	teacher
user12527	like_music	indie
user12527	misc_attribute	picky
user12527	like_animal	dog
user12527	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user12528	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12528	like_music	backstreet boys
user12528	like_food	cheese
user12528	dislike	driving
user12528	has_age	under 50
user12529	employed_by_general	retailer
user12529	like_drink	coke
user12529	has_hobby	shopping
user12529	like_general	katy perry
user12529	have_vehicle	ford
user12530	like_music	indie
user12530	like_animal	dog
user12530	want_job	teacher
user12530	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user12530	misc_attribute	picky
user12531	like_general	color: pink
user12531	misc_attribute	distant
user12531	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12532	has_profession	roofer
user12532	have	a beer
user12532	like_sports	football
user12532	have_vehicle	truck
user12532	favorite_food	steak
user12533	like_food	chocolate
user12533	<blank>	play instrument
user12533	has_hobby	geocache
user12533	has_profession	psychologist
user12534	has_profession	owner
user12534	has_ability	lucky
user12534	own	consulting firm
user12534	job_status	employed
user12534	job_status	employed
user12535	favorite_food	pasta
user12535	live_in_general	rural area
user12535	has_age	older
user12535	job_status	retired
user12536	employed_by_general	factory
user12536	misc_attribute	antisocial
user12536	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12536	like_activity	sleeping
user12537	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user12537	has_profession	musician
user12537	<blank>	<blank>
user12538	has_profession	youtuber
user12538	have_pet	cat
user12538	have_vehicle	car
user12538	has_ability	make videos
user12539	favorite_food	steak
user12539	dislike	sleeping
user12539	like_activity	travel alone
user12539	have	0 parents
user12539	misc_attribute	smart
user12540	have_sibling	brother
user12540	misc_attribute	quick
user12540	own	car
user12541	has_hobby	musician
user12541	own	music store
user12541	want_do	retire to florida
user12541	other	like to help animals
user12542	<blank>	play instrument
user12542	like_food	chocolate
user12542	have_family	sibling
user12542	has_profession	psychologist
user12542	has_hobby	geocache
user12543	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user12543	has_hobby	working out
user12543	dislike	country and jazz music
user12543	favorite_food	italian
user12543	favorite_book	middlesex
user12544	has_profession	marketing
user12544	physical_attribute	well put together
user12544	want	1 husband
user12544	has_hobby	working out
user12545	place_origin	tennessee
user12545	has_hobby	fishing
user12545	have_pet	dog
user12545	like_music	charlie daniels
user12545	marital_status	married
user12546	other	vegan
user12546	own	farm
user12546	like_music	country
user12546	like_activity	dancing
user12547	favorite_show	game of thrones
user12547	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user12547	like_activity	cosplay
user12547	job_status	employed
user12548	like_general	christmas
user12548	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user12548	want	magic was real
user12548	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user12548	have_chidren	daughter
user12549	place_origin	alabama
user12549	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user12549	like_animal	rabbit
user12550	like_watching	mystery
user12550	like_food	green tea
user12550	like_activity	writing
user12550	<blank>	<blank>
user12551	has_hobby	fishing
user12551	like_activity	go karting
user12551	dislike	fast food
user12551	own	george foreman grill
user12552	physical_attribute	purple hair
user12552	job_status	employed
user12552	favorite_book	tale of genji
user12553	want	be an animal
user12553	dislike	regular life
user12553	other	am curious about space
user12553	have_family	<blank>
user12553	like_music	classical
user12554	like_activity	shopping
user12554	other	vegetarian
user12554	like_animal	dog
user12555	dislike	broccoli
user12555	like_activity	hunting
user12555	has_profession	police
user12555	have_pet	2 dog
user12555	<blank>	<blank>
user12556	like_food	brunch
user12556	have_vehicle	car
user12556	have	car
user12556	has_profession	scout
user12556	not_have	pet
user12557	like_activity	drawing
user12557	like_sports	cycling
user12557	like_food	egg
user12557	like_general	people
user12558	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user12558	has_hobby	football
user12558	favorite_book	science fiction
user12558	like_read	fiction
user12558	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user12559	other	vegan
user12559	previous_profession	actress
user12559	like_general	my job
user12559	like_animal	all animals
user12559	favorite_music	country
user12560	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user12560	has_hobby	building furniture
user12560	have	bowled a 300 twice
user12561	have_pet	2 dog
user12561	like_food	potato
user12561	has_profession	accountant
user12561	have	car
user12562	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user12562	like_sports	football
user12563	have_pet	3 dog
user12563	like_activity	cooking
user12563	like_activity	fishing
user12563	employed_by_general	architect firm
user12563	want	someone
user12564	job_status	employed
user12564	like_watching	anime
user12564	other	have never ate candy
user12564	have	nickname
user12564	favorite	mlb player bartolo colon
user12565	want	immortality
user12565	has_hobby	diving
user12565	have_pet	dog and cat
user12565	like_general	people
user12565	like_general	technology
user12566	have_sibling	6 sister
user12566	employed_by_general	a small
user12566	like_activity	walking
user12566	like_sports	boston celtics
user12566	like_food	chocolate
user12567	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user12567	<blank>	<blank>
user12567	like_general	boots
user12567	like_general	leather clothes
user12567	like_general	sleeping in
user12568	school_status	student
user12568	have_pet	dog
user12568	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user12569	employed_by_general	factory
user12569	has_hobby	volunteer
user12569	like_general	jokes
user12569	want_do	change the world
user12569	misc_attribute	punctual
user12570	like_drink	iced tea
user12570	has_hobby	writing
user12570	want_job	author
user12570	employed_by_general	bookstore
user12570	like_goto	museum
user12571	like_sports	baseball
user12571	like_sports	sports
user12571	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user12572	have	no television
user12572	like_read	<blank>
user12572	has_profession	teacher
user12572	dislike	pizza
user12573	employed_by_general	factory
user12573	like_food	cheese
user12573	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user12573	like_activity	travel
user12573	like_watching	ufc fights
user12574	have_vehicle	lexus
user12574	have_pet	dog
user12574	favorite_hobby	dancing
user12574	dislike	math
user12574	attend_school	university
user12575	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12575	dislike	running
user12575	has_ability	running
user12575	have_chidren	child
user12576	have	2 broken arm
user12576	marital_status	widow
user12576	misc_attribute	social
user12576	have_sibling	6 sibling
user12577	has_hobby	baking
user12577	have_sibling	twin brother
user12577	physical_attribute	short
user12577	favorite_book	david copperfield
user12578	other	name is gerald
user12578	like_sports	basketball
user12578	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user12578	favorite_color	green
user12579	has_ability	play instrument
user12579	<blank>	<blank>
user12579	<blank>	<blank>
user12579	have_pet	dog
user12579	like_music	country
user12580	has_age	53
user12580	has_profession	fitness guru
user12580	misc_attribute	carefree
user12580	misc_attribute	religious
user12580	has_profession	salesman
user12581	misc_attribute	above average
user12581	physical_attribute	eyes
user12581	like_food	meat
user12581	has_degree	0 college
user12582	member_of	city council
user12582	have_pet	10 alpacas
user12582	like_food	locally sourced
user12582	like_activity	outdoors
user12582	own	home
user12583	marital_status	married
user12583	misc_attribute	distant
user12583	has_profession	yoga instruction
user12583	like_general	color: pink
user12584	want_do	retire to florida
user12584	own	music store
user12584	has_hobby	musician
user12585	want_do	traveling
user12585	like_activity	cooking
user12585	have_pet	cat
user12586	favorite_activity	research race cars
user12586	have	3 best friends
user12586	like_sports	swimming
user12586	has_age	14
user12587	like_activity	drawing
user12587	like_general	blue
user12587	have_sibling	3 sibling
user12587	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user12588	like_activity	gardening
user12588	has_ability	play instrument
user12588	want_do	skydiving
user12588	misc_attribute	helpful
user12589	want_job	smithsonian
user12589	misc_attribute	risky
user12589	favorite_show	csi
user12590	like_activity	cooking
user12590	like_food	<blank>
user12590	like_general	children
user12590	like_activity	shopping
user12590	like_activity	chatting with friends
user12591	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user12591	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user12591	employed_by_general	university
user12591	has_ability	play instrument
user12591	like_goto	farmers market
user12592	physical_attribute	average american youth
user12592	dislike	school
user12592	like_activity	walking
user12592	misc_attribute	romantic
user12592	live_in_general	on lake
user12593	like_sports	golf
user12593	marital_status	married
user12593	like_music	classical
user12593	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12594	like_food	meat
user12594	favorite_food	steak
user12594	like_music	rap
user12594	own	black car
user12594	has_profession	finance
user12595	like_goto	outdoors
user12595	member_of	other club
user12595	physical_attribute	brunette
user12595	live_in_general	ranch
user12595	has_age	21
user12596	like_general	to chat with my friends
user12596	like_read	in a series
user12596	like_goto	movie theater
user12596	like_goto	restaurant
user12597	misc_attribute	night owl
user12597	favorite_animal	pug
user12597	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user12597	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12597	school_status	graduate student
user12598	marital_status	married
user12598	physical_attribute	buff
user12598	has_hobby	video games
user12599	want	travel
user12599	has_profession	farmer
user12599	favorite_music	rock
user12599	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user12599	have_pet	2 dog
user12600	has_profession	nurse
user12600	like_activity	surfing
user12600	other	childhood
user12600	has_profession	baker
user12601	physical_attribute	short
user12601	have_sibling	4 sibling
user12602	misc_attribute	skeptical
user12602	have	3 thumbs
user12602	misc_attribute	lively
user12602	has_ability	fast typer
user12603	like_general	blue
user12603	have_pet	5 cat
user12603	nationality	british
user12604	school_status	student
user12604	school_status	student
user12604	other	vegan
user12604	like_goto	museum
user12604	like_goto	dates
user12605	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user12605	like_animal	fish
user12605	employed_by_general	deli
user12605	has_ability	play instrument
user12606	has_hobby	environmentalist
user12606	like_activity	mountain biking
user12606	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user12606	like_activity	hiking
user12607	job_status	unemployed
user12607	like_watching	reality tv
user12607	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user12607	want_do	move
user12608	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user12608	misc_attribute	colorful
user12608	have_pet	dog
user12608	has_profession	accountant
user12609	like_general	adam levine
user12609	have_family	2 children
user12609	want	more iron in my diet
user12609	have_pet	2 cat
user12610	has_hobby	skydiving
user12610	like_music	queens of the stone age
user12610	want	medication
user12610	like_food	french fries
user12610	own	olympic medal
user12611	have_pet	3 cat
user12611	physical_attribute	blonde
user12611	like_activity	dancing
user12611	have_family	only child
user12611	like_goto	foreign countries
user12612	own	glasses
user12612	like_activity	writing
user12612	have	laptop
user12612	attend_school	college
user12613	school_status	student
user12613	place_origin	france
user12613	want_do	soccer
user12613	have_sibling	brother
user12613	like_sports	soccer
user12614	have_chidren	5 children
user12614	like_activity	socialize
user12614	like_general	gadgets
user12614	like_general	babies
user12615	have_pet	4 cat
user12615	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user12615	own	30 shoes
user12615	like_activity	skateboarding
user12615	like_general	<blank>
user12616	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user12616	own	an edged weapon
user12616	has_ability	speak language
user12616	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user12616	have	started a fire
user12617	marital_status	married
user12617	has_hobby	diet
user12617	has_age	32
user12617	marital_status	married
user12618	has_profession	writer
user12618	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12618	marital_status	married
user12618	have_family	10 niece
user12619	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user12619	physical_attribute	short
user12619	like_drink	coffee
user12619	have_pet	dog
user12620	school_status	student
user12620	like_watching	drama
user12620	job_status	seeking employment
user12620	like_music	yo gotti
user12621	has_hobby	musician
user12621	own	music store
user12621	other	like to help animals
user12621	want_do	retire to florida
user12622	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user12622	dislike	cleaning
user12622	want_job	professional eater
user12623	have_vehicle	car
user12623	job_status	employed
user12623	job_status	work all the time
user12624	live_in_general	alone
user12624	has_hobby	cooking
user12624	has_profession	scientist
user12624	has_ability	play instrument
user12624	<blank>	<blank>
user12625	want_job	musician
user12625	school_status	student
user12626	has_ability	play instrument
user12626	like_activity	travel
user12626	like_music	classical
user12626	has_ability	play instrument
user12627	has_profession	technician
user12627	has_profession	engineer
user12627	has_hobby	traveling
user12628	like_activity	making lets plays
user12628	like_watching	youtube
user12629	dislike	social situations
user12629	other	mild ocd
user12629	other	feelings
user12629	like_goto	florida
user12630	has_hobby	larp
user12630	has_ability	to move out
user12630	have_family	father
user12630	has_profession	general
user12631	like_sports	archery
user12631	like_activity	hunting
user12631	like_activity	shopping
user12631	like_general	remodelling homes
user12631	favorite	halloween
user12632	misc_attribute	organized
user12632	misc_attribute	overeat
user12632	has_profession	teacher
user12632	like_general	kids
user12632	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user12633	like_animal	dog
user12633	marital_status	single
user12633	like_activity	play league of legends
user12633	has_profession	gamer
user12634	like_music	smooth jazz
user12634	have_pet	dog
user12634	like_general	suits and ties
user12634	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12634	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12635	other	wrote a book
user12635	like_activity	reading
user12635	marital_status	single
user12635	have_pet	2 dog
user12636	has_degree	statistics
user12636	has_ability	card countin
user12636	want_job	casino manager
user12636	have_chidren	3 children
user12636	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user12637	misc_attribute	introvert
user12637	have_pet	dog
user12637	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12637	attend_school	graduate school
user12637	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user12638	employed_by_general	architect firm
user12638	like_activity	cooking
user12638	have_pet	3 dog
user12638	like_activity	fishing
user12638	want	someone
user12639	like_general	littlest things
user12639	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user12639	job_status	employed
user12640	like_activity	dancing
user12640	like_goto	foreign countries
user12640	physical_attribute	blonde
user12640	have_family	only child
user12641	have_pet	10 alpacas
user12641	own	home
user12641	member_of	city council
user12641	like_food	locally sourced
user12642	own	car
user12642	like_food	sushi
user12642	like_animal	dog
user12642	gender	female
user12643	marital_status	single
user12643	favorite_food	salad
user12643	like_goto	nature
user12644	dislike	people
user12644	like_animal	<blank>
user12644	attend_school	homeschool
user12644	has_ability	scream
user12644	misc_attribute	artistic
user12645	member_of	retirement home
user12645	has_age	old
user12646	like_activity	baking
user12646	like_activity	laughing
user12646	like_general	shoes
user12647	like_activity	dancing
user12647	has_profession	technician
user12647	has_profession	engineer
user12648	have_pet	dog
user12648	has_profession	advertising executive
user12648	like_activity	hiking
user12649	has_profession	secretary
user12649	have_pet	3 cat
user12649	like_food	taco
user12649	like_activity	swimming
user12649	favorite_color	orange
user12650	like_food	cheetos
user12650	have	4 visited mexico
user12650	like_activity	skiing
user12650	dislike	mexican food
user12651	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12651	gender	transfemale
user12651	like_general	blue
user12651	has_age	20
user12651	like_food	pizza
user12652	have	crush
user12652	like_activity	rpg computer games
user12652	has_hobby	tabletop games
user12652	own	inhaler
user12653	misc_attribute	family attention
user12653	like_activity	video games
user12653	have_pet	2 cat
user12653	like_general	exclamation marks
user12653	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user12654	like_activity	sewing
user12654	employed_by_company	peta
user12654	other	vegetarian
user12654	like_animal	animals
user12654	job_status	employed
user12655	like_activity	running
user12655	favorite_activity	cooking
user12655	own	trophies
user12655	has_ability	swim fast
user12656	like_read	<blank>
user12656	like_activity	swimming
user12656	have_chidren	1 son
user12656	other	epileptic
user12657	like_activity	swimming
user12657	has_hobby	traveling
user12657	like_general	cabins in the woods
user12657	has_hobby	traveling
user12657	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user12658	have	2 tattoos
user12658	like_activity	shopping
user12658	have_pet	cat
user12658	favorite_hobby	knitting
user12659	misc_attribute	helpful
user12659	like_goto	market
user12659	live_in_general	city
user12659	other	walking
user12660	job_status	employed
user12660	like_activity	singing
user12660	have_family	husband
user12660	have	girlfriend
user12661	like_general	people
user12661	like_activity	rock climbing
user12661	misc_attribute	angry
user12661	other	mother 2 daughters
user12662	like_food	beef
user12662	like_activity	video games
user12662	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user12662	have_pet	dog
user12662	other	<blank>
user12663	has_ability	play instrument
user12663	own	1 house
user12663	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user12663	has_profession	nurse
user12664	have_pet	cat
user12664	like_read	autobiographies
user12664	like_music	metallica
user12664	favorite_food	chicken
user12664	like_goto	gym
user12665	own	band tees
user12665	like_general	anime
user12665	like_music	techno
user12666	job_status	employed
user12666	have	a girlfriend
user12666	like_activity	cooking
user12666	like_activity	singing
user12666	other	am lesbian
user12667	like_read	<blank>
user12667	physical_attribute	tall
user12667	have	survived
user12667	like_activity	driving
user12668	has_profession	retailer
user12668	have_chidren	daughter
user12668	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user12668	has_ability	cooking
user12669	has_profession	car salesman
user12669	like_activity	painting
user12669	like_food	meat
user12670	like_activity	cooking
user12670	has_hobby	gardening
user12670	have_chidren	children
user12670	live_in_general	small city
user12670	have_pet	cat
user12671	like_food	tuna
user12671	have_pet	cat
user12671	have_pet	2 cat
user12671	has_profession	librarian
user12672	has_profession	aquarium builder
user12672	have_family	brother-in-law
user12672	have_sibling	6 brother
user12673	previous_profession	clown
user12673	like_sports	surfing
user12673	like_music	country
user12674	misc_attribute	make things right
user12674	misc_attribute	<blank>
user12674	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user12674	has_profession	sales
user12675	like_activity	gambling
user12675	like_food	vegetables
user12675	has_ability	1 speak language
user12675	like_activity	talking on the phone
user12675	like_activity	hiking
user12676	has_hobby	watching television
user12676	other	sarah
user12676	has_profession	teacher
user12676	has_hobby	reading
user12677	have_pet	cat
user12677	like_food	tuna
user12677	has_profession	librarian
user12677	have_pet	2 cat
user12677	like_activity	reading
user12678	like_activity	tailgate parties
user12678	have	never flown on an airplane
user12678	have	girlfriend
user12678	favorite_season	duck hunting
user12679	marital_status	single
user12679	own	bmw
user12679	like_activity	shopping
user12679	have	friends
user12680	like_music	country
user12680	has_ability	cook
user12680	has_ability	play instrument
user12680	like_activity	surfing
user12680	has_profession	at bar
user12681	have_pet	2 dog
user12681	have_vehicle	car
user12681	has_profession	accountant
user12681	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user12681	like_sports	running
user12682	member_of	hobby club
user12682	has_profession	poet
user12682	have_pet	fish
user12682	has_hobby	donating clothes
user12683	has_age	25
user12683	like_general	blue
user12683	employed_by_general	military
user12683	has_hobby	wrestling
user12684	have_pet	dog and cat
user12684	like_general	technology
user12684	want	immortality
user12684	has_hobby	diving
user12685	has_hobby	cooking
user12685	have_pet	1 dog
user12686	physical_attribute	long hair
user12686	previous_profession	movie theater
user12686	want_do	buy
user12686	has_hobby	running
user12686	like_food	spicy
user12687	like_activity	whittling
user12687	other	carnivore
user12687	favorite_movie	good burger
user12687	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user12687	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user12688	have_family	daughter
user12688	have_chidren	3 daughter
user12688	gender	female
user12688	has_hobby	baking
user12689	like_music	funk rock
user12689	like_food	taco
user12689	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user12689	have_pet	cat
user12690	place_origin	<blank>
user12690	like_activity	investing
user12690	have_sibling	3 brother
user12690	employed_by_company	nike
user12690	like_sports	soccer
user12691	like_general	people
user12691	want	immortality
user12691	has_hobby	diving
user12691	like_general	technology
user12691	have_pet	dog and cat
user12692	have_pet	dog
user12692	school_status	student
user12692	have_family	only child
user12692	like_general	red
user12693	<blank>	<blank>
user12693	has_hobby	cooking
user12693	has_ability	play instrument
user12693	live_in_general	alone
user12694	like_activity	baking
user12694	like_general	shoes
user12694	like_activity	laughing
user12695	marital_status	single
user12695	has_hobby	cycling
user12696	like_sports	soccer
user12696	want_do	soccer
user12696	school_status	student
user12696	have_sibling	brother
user12697	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user12697	marital_status	single
user12697	job_status	employed
user12697	dislike	coworker
user12698	marital_status	single
user12698	has_profession	waiter
user12698	has_hobby	cycling
user12699	like_general	red
user12699	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user12699	physical_attribute	tall
user12700	has_profession	nurse
user12700	want	child
user12700	other	mother
user12700	misc_attribute	bipolar
user12700	like_food	hummus
user12701	has_profession	zoologist
user12701	have	taught
user12701	job_status	with wife
user12702	physical_attribute	blonde
user12702	have_chidren	12 kids
user12702	has_age	53
user12702	physical_attribute	overweight
user12702	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user12703	own	2 laptops
user12703	like_food	chocolate
user12703	like_watching	anime
user12704	want	money
user12704	have_pet	dog
user12704	misc_attribute	smart
user12705	like_goto	walmart
user12705	like_watching	game of thrones
user12705	dislike	heights
user12705	favorite_season	winter
user12706	like_watching	south park
user12706	job_status	employed
user12706	marital_status	engaged
user12707	have	allergies
user12707	like_animal	cat
user12707	physical_attribute	red skin
user12707	dislike	dust
user12708	previous_profession	technician
user12708	like_activity	cycling
user12708	like_general	job
user12708	like_goto	beeach
user12709	like_goto	festivals
user12709	employed_by_company	online
user12709	like_food	meat
user12709	like_music	the story so far
user12710	<blank>	<blank>
user12710	has_profession	construction worker
user12710	attend_school	welding
user12710	have_family	mother
user12710	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user12711	dislike	heights
user12711	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user12711	have_chidren	partner
user12711	favorite	superman
user12712	like_food	spicy
user12712	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user12712	like_sports	swimming
user12712	have_family	only child
user12713	misc_attribute	funny
user12713	have	sausage fingers
user12713	favorite_drink	sprite
user12713	physical_attribute	am bloated
user12713	has_ability	draw
user12714	like_food	macaroni
user12714	like_sports	water ski
user12714	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user12714	has_profession	car maker
user12714	have	money
user12715	like_activity	helping
user12715	gender	female
user12715	favorite_food	pasta
user12715	live_in_general	rural area
user12715	job_status	retired
user12716	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user12716	favorite	donna karen clothes
user12716	has_profession	teacher
user12716	misc_attribute	religious
user12716	has_hobby	singing
user12717	member_of	retirement home
user12717	has_age	old
user12718	have_sibling	3 sibling
user12718	other	profession
user12718	like_food	1 sugar
user12718	have_vehicle	mercedes
user12719	want	attractive
user12719	physical_attribute	attractive
user12719	like_activity	eating
user12719	physical_attribute	overweight
user12720	job_status	unemployed
user12720	like_sports	swimming
user12720	dislike	0 taco
user12720	favorite_drink	chocolate
user12721	like_activity	cooking
user12721	favorite_show	face off
user12721	misc_attribute	organized
user12721	have_chidren	children
user12721	like_activity	running
user12722	<blank>	<blank>
user12722	have_chidren	5 children
user12722	<blank>	<blank>
user12722	like_music	all genres
user12722	like_activity	drawing
user12723	nationality	british
user12723	like_general	blue
user12723	have_pet	5 cat
user12724	job_status	employed
user12724	attend_school	miami university
user12724	has_profession	baseball player
user12724	marital_status	married
user12725	other	commutes
user12725	have	2 science classes
user12725	employed_by_general	library
user12725	school_status	student
user12725	live_in_general	home
user12726	like_food	beef
user12726	have	many girlfriends
user12726	like_general	boots
user12726	has_hobby	horseback riding
user12727	like_activity	roleplay
user12727	like_general	morning
user12727	like_general	cars
user12727	dislike	all
user12728	like_activity	rock climbing
user12728	have_pet	1 dog
user12728	like_food	gluten free
user12728	physical_attribute	hair is black
user12728	has_profession	writer
user12729	has_profession	salesman
user12729	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user12729	like_goto	grocery store
user12729	employed_by_general	gas station
user12729	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user12730	like_activity	cooking
user12730	want_job	baker
user12730	has_profession	9 to 5
user12730	has_hobby	volunteer
user12731	have_vehicle	ford
user12731	like_general	cars
user12731	like_general	ford trucks
user12731	have_vehicle	truck
user12731	have_vehicle	ford
user12732	favorite	actress
user12732	want	faster computer
user12732	like_activity	standing in the rain
user12732	like_general	winter
user12733	want_job	dentist
user12733	favorite	raptors
user12733	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user12733	like_sports	sports
user12733	has_ability	sleeping
user12734	misc_attribute	healthy
user12734	misc_attribute	smart
user12734	member_of	other club
user12734	misc_attribute	social
user12734	attend_school	high school
user12735	have_chidren	1 son
user12735	other	epileptic
user12735	like_activity	swimming
user12736	like_general	blame
user12736	misc_attribute	generous
user12736	like_general	smelling my own farts
user12736	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user12736	physical_attribute	fat
user12737	favorite_drink	coffee
user12737	has_hobby	gymnastics
user12737	have_pet	cat
user12737	have	boyfriend
user12737	dislike	chalk
user12738	like_general	my job
user12738	like_animal	all animals
user12738	favorite_music	country
user12738	other	vegan
user12738	previous_profession	actress
user12739	want	faster computer
user12739	like_general	winter
user12739	favorite	actress
user12739	own	glasses
user12739	like_activity	standing in the rain
user12740	have_chidren	children
user12740	live_in_general	rural area
user12740	gender	female
user12741	has_ability	running
user12741	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12741	dislike	running
user12741	have_chidren	child
user12742	like_watching	comedy
user12742	has_profession	ballerina
user12742	favorite_food	hamburgers
user12743	like_activity	social media
user12743	employed_by_general	home
user12743	like_activity	video games
user12743	have_pet	<blank>
user12744	has_profession	surgeon
user12744	have_chidren	1 daughter
user12744	school_status	graduated
user12745	have_pet	3 dog
user12745	have	personal trainer
user12745	teach	kids
user12745	like_sports	bicycling
user12746	dislike	make up
user12746	physical_attribute	long nails
user12746	favorite_color	orange
user12746	have_vehicle	moped
user12747	has_hobby	walking
user12747	favorite	mileena
user12747	have	something purple
user12747	employed_by_general	fast food
user12747	want	educated
user12748	like_sports	soccer
user12748	like_watching	game of thrones
user12748	other	vegan
user12748	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user12749	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user12749	own	universe
user12749	like_activity	clubbing
user12749	has_profession	dental assistant
user12750	like_activity	skiing
user12750	favorite_place	florida
user12750	favorite_color	yellow
user12751	like_activity	video games
user12751	other	diabetic
user12751	like_music	rock
user12752	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user12752	have_pet	4 cat
user12752	like_general	<blank>
user12752	like_activity	skateboarding
user12753	have_chidren	4 children
user12753	have_chidren	children
user12753	marital_status	married
user12753	has_age	50
user12754	have_family	mother
user12754	favorite_food	spaghetti
user12754	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user12754	have	boyfriend
user12755	misc_attribute	skeptical
user12755	misc_attribute	lively
user12755	has_ability	fast typer
user12755	like_general	color red
user12756	want_do	<blank>
user12756	want_do	schooling
user12756	like_watching	netflix
user12756	want_do	learning
user12757	has_hobby	fishing
user12757	like_general	lumberjacking
user12757	own	large ax
user12757	like_food	pancakes
user12758	favorite	nike cleats
user12758	has_hobby	goalie
user12758	misc_attribute	team player
user12758	other	42 number is
user12759	like_food	meat
user12759	like_music	country
user12759	have_vehicle	truck
user12759	like_watching	sport
user12759	like_activity	hunting
user12760	has_ability	driving
user12760	place_origin	virginia
user12760	has_profession	truck driver
user12761	like_activity	video games
user12761	like_activity	social media
user12761	employed_by_general	home
user12761	have_pet	<blank>
user12762	have	2 roommate
user12762	like_activity	cooking
user12762	have_pet	2 dog
user12762	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user12763	like_sports	surfing
user12763	like_music	country
user12763	has_profession	reality tv star
user12764	have_pet	dog
user12764	like_activity	racing rc cars
user12764	like_activity	video games
user12764	like_food	fish
user12764	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user12765	like_activity	0 thinking
user12765	misc_attribute	nerd
user12765	like_general	computers
user12765	have_sibling	sibling
user12766	like_activity	cooking
user12766	has_ability	speak language
user12766	marital_status	married
user12766	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12767	like_music	rock
user12767	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user12767	marital_status	engaged
user12767	attend_school	online
user12768	have	medical bills
user12768	like_goto	hospital
user12768	physical_attribute	slow
user12768	other	0 chewing food
user12769	has_hobby	weight lifting
user12769	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user12769	physical_attribute	buff
user12769	has_hobby	working out
user12769	has_profession	athlete
user12770	want	attractive
user12770	like_activity	eating
user12770	physical_attribute	overweight
user12770	other	mother
user12770	physical_attribute	attractive
user12771	has_hobby	fishing
user12771	has_ability	play instrument
user12771	dislike	fast food
user12771	own	george foreman grill
user12771	like_activity	go karting
user12772	has_profession	receptionist
user12772	school_status	student
user12772	school_status	student
user12772	other	name is mary
user12773	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user12773	favorite_food	ravioli
user12773	have_family	father
user12773	has_ability	speak language
user12774	have_pet	2 dog
user12774	have_pet	2 dog
user12774	like_animal	dog
user12775	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user12775	has_profession	cashier
user12775	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user12775	has_age	25
user12776	misc_attribute	regretful
user12776	dislike	<blank>
user12776	misc_attribute	critic
user12776	dislike	feeling controlled
user12777	member_of	hobby club
user12777	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user12777	have	10 tattoos
user12777	has_hobby	driving
user12777	has_age	adult
user12778	job_status	unemployed
user12778	like_drink	any drinks
user12778	misc_attribute	responsible
user12778	has_hobby	drinking
user12779	like_music	charlie daniels
user12779	place_origin	tennessee
user12779	marital_status	married
user12780	favorite_food	cheesecake
user12780	misc_attribute	bored
user12781	have_pet	horse
user12781	physical_attribute	pregnant
user12782	want_do	travel
user12782	have_pet	2 dog
user12782	like_general	place
user12782	other	wild child
user12782	favorite_color	red
user12783	job_status	employed
user12783	like_activity	baking
user12783	like_general	internet
user12783	other	vegetarian
user12784	misc_attribute	romantic
user12784	have_sibling	2 brother
user12784	other	vegan
user12784	like_activity	sleeping in
user12784	employed_by_general	laboratory
user12785	physical_attribute	red hair
user12785	like_activity	recycling
user12785	have_vehicle	van
user12785	have	2 tattoos
user12785	other	hippie
user12786	have	last name is spanish
user12786	misc_attribute	unsure
user12786	like_general	cardigans
user12786	dislike	dad
user12787	have_family	only child
user12787	have_pet	1 lizard
user12787	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user12787	<blank>	plants
user12788	like_sports	water ski
user12788	has_age	10
user12788	favorite_drink	orange juice
user12788	other	arnold
user12788	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user12789	favorite_hobby	reading
user12789	favorite_book	stephen king
user12789	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user12790	favorite_show	face off
user12790	misc_attribute	organized
user12790	have_chidren	children
user12790	like_activity	running
user12790	like_activity	cooking
user12791	like_general	canadian women
user12791	has_hobby	hiking
user12791	like_activity	relieving myself
user12791	have_vehicle	prius
user12792	have_pet	cat
user12792	has_hobby	gardening
user12792	live_in_general	small city
user12792	like_activity	cooking
user12793	like_sports	football
user12793	have_pet	iguana
user12793	<blank>	<blank>
user12793	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user12793	favorite_movie	star wars
user12794	other	vegan
user12794	like_sports	cycling
user12794	have_pet	3 dog
user12794	has_profession	veterinarian
user12795	has_profession	nurse
user12795	has_ability	play instrument
user12795	like_goto	national parks
user12795	have	husband
user12796	dislike	death
user12796	misc_attribute	friendly
user12796	has_ability	bad lying
user12796	like_activity	filming
user12797	misc_attribute	romantic
user12797	like_general	things
user12797	like_general	antiques
user12797	like_music	jazz
user12797	like_general	dolls
user12798	favorite	apple
user12798	like_sports	swimming
user12798	has_ability	marathon runner
user12798	like_general	morning
user12798	like_general	winter
user12799	has_hobby	knitting
user12799	like_activity	go to lake
user12799	misc_attribute	happy
user12799	like_music	<blank>
user12799	like_activity	walking
user12800	have_sibling	sister
user12800	dislike	clowns
user12800	have_pet	4 cat
user12800	job_status	employed
user12801	favorite_show	csi
user12801	want_job	smithsonian
user12801	dislike	winter
user12802	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user12802	like_general	superfans
user12802	have_vehicle	toyota
user12802	like_drink	pepsi
user12803	like_general	red
user12803	have_family	only child
user12803	have_pet	dog
user12803	school_status	student
user12804	marital_status	single
user12804	have	friends
user12804	like_activity	shopping
user12804	own	bmw
user12804	other	debt
user12805	have_sibling	sister
user12805	like_sports	soccer
user12805	favorite	school subject
user12805	like_read	pride and prejudice
user12806	has_profession	doctor
user12806	marital_status	single
user12806	like_animal	dog
user12806	like_read	<blank>
user12807	like_watching	anime
user12807	has_hobby	video games
user12807	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user12807	have_family	parents
user12808	like_read	comics
user12808	has_age	8
user12808	other	<blank>
user12808	want_job	superhero
user12809	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user12809	job_status	employed
user12809	place_origin	london
user12809	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user12810	favorite_music_artist	creed
user12810	other	carnivore
user12810	have	welfare
user12811	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user12811	marital_status	married
user12811	teach	first grade
user12811	has_hobby	shopping
user12812	favorite_food	nachos
user12812	like_drink	beverage
user12812	dislike	talking to people
user12812	has_hobby	d&d
user12812	other	imaginative
user12813	have_pet	dog
user12813	employed_by_company	target
user12813	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user12813	like_goto	movie theater
user12814	like_animal	rabbit
user12814	like_watching	game of thrones
user12814	dislike	sweet home alabama
user12814	place_origin	alabama
user12815	has_hobby	cooking
user12815	job_status	unemployed
user12815	misc_attribute	talent
user12815	like_activity	cooking
user12816	job_status	employed
user12816	place_origin	texas
user12816	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user12816	have_chidren	<blank>
user12817	like_food	pumpkins
user12817	like_activity	watching videos
user12817	have_pet	dog
user12817	favorite_food	shrimp
user12817	favorite	third-party softtware
user12818	have_vehicle	car
user12818	like_activity	hanging out
user12818	like_sports	fan
user12818	want_job	entrepreneur
user12818	like_activity	politics
user12819	has_hobby	artist
user12819	have	shot lion
user12819	like_activity	sculpting
user12819	want_do	climbing
user12819	misc_attribute	sad
user12820	like_activity	hunting
user12820	have_pet	2 dog
user12820	has_profession	police
user12820	<blank>	<blank>
user12821	have	princess bed
user12821	have_family	mother
user12821	have_family	father
user12821	like_activity	playing outside
user12821	has_age	4
user12822	like_activity	shopping
user12822	has_profession	blogger
user12822	has_hobby	cheerleading
user12822	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user12823	like_general	going to bed late
user12823	has_age	29
user12823	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user12823	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user12823	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user12824	like_activity	sleeping in
user12824	employed_by_general	laboratory
user12824	have_sibling	2 brother
user12824	other	vegan
user12825	dislike	homework
user12825	misc_attribute	romantic
user12825	other	bad luck with relationships
user12825	misc_attribute	lazy
user12825	job_status	employed
user12826	want	mom was healthier
user12826	like_general	my image
user12826	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user12826	want	to go to another school
user12826	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user12827	like_activity	riding the bus
user12827	favorite_color	yellow
user12827	has_profession	babysitter
user12827	job_status	unemployed
user12828	physical_attribute	brunette
user12828	favorite_music	country
user12828	like_activity	traveling
user12828	like_food	snack
user12829	has_hobby	cs and ds
user12829	like_music	bruno mars
user12829	like_food	sweets
user12829	attend_school	high school
user12829	like_activity	sleeping
user12830	marital_status	married
user12830	has_profession	teacher
user12830	has_hobby	yoga
user12830	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user12831	physical_attribute	broke nose
user12831	favorite_place	seattle
user12831	like_music	jazz
user12831	want	bike
user12831	employed_by_general	factory
user12832	marital_status	engaged
user12832	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user12832	like_music	rock
user12832	like_food	ice cream
user12833	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user12833	like_sports	sports
user12833	has_ability	sleeping
user12833	want_job	dentist
user12833	favorite	raptors
user12834	like_food	shrimp
user12834	has_hobby	gambling
user12834	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user12834	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user12835	like_general	going to bed late
user12835	has_profession	make robots
user12835	like_food	chinese
user12835	have	bas social life
user12836	have	2 roommate
user12836	dislike	clowns
user12836	like_activity	cooking
user12836	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user12836	have_pet	2 dog
user12837	favorite_color	black
user12837	<blank>	<blank>
user12837	want_do	<blank>
user12837	has_hobby	writing
user12837	like_activity	singing
user12838	employed_by_general	railroad
user12838	like_food	pretzels
user12838	other	omnivore
user12838	like_music	vnv nation
user12838	like_watching	science fiction
user12839	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user12839	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user12840	favorite_sport	football
user12840	previous_profession	veteran
user12840	have_vehicle	camper
user12840	has_profession	truck driver
user12840	like_activity	working out
user12841	have_pet	3 cat
user12841	physical_attribute	blonde
user12841	like_goto	foreign countries
user12841	like_activity	dancing
user12841	have_family	only child
user12842	school_status	graduated
user12842	has_profession	surgeon
user12842	have_chidren	1 daughter
user12843	other	vegan
user12843	like_music	concerts
user12843	have	tattoo
user12843	attend_school	umass
user12844	like_goto	italy
user12844	has_hobby	yoga
user12844	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12844	like_food	italian cuisine
user12845	has_hobby	baseball
user12845	favorite	mike trout
user12845	has_hobby	baseball
user12845	has_age	19
user12846	job_status	employed
user12846	other	bad luck with relationships
user12846	misc_attribute	lazy
user12846	dislike	homework
user12846	misc_attribute	romantic
user12847	like_drink	beverage
user12847	has_hobby	d&d
user12847	other	imaginative
user12847	dislike	talking to people
user12847	favorite_food	nachos
user12848	other	believe in ghosts
user12848	have_pet	4 dog
user12848	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user12848	own	personal religion
user12849	dislike	country
user12849	has_hobby	volunteering
user12849	physical_attribute	blonde
user12849	has_hobby	dancing
user12850	misc_attribute	sad
user12850	has_profession	artist
user12850	have_chidren	2 son
user12850	have	a house
user12850	have_family	parents
user12851	like_activity	fixing
user12851	like_activity	darts
user12851	like_music	classic rock
user12851	employed_by_general	large company
user12852	like_sports	swimming
user12852	like_general	morning
user12852	has_ability	marathon runner
user12852	favorite	apple
user12852	like_general	winter
user12853	employed_by_general	factory
user12853	favorite_place	seattle
user12853	like_music	jazz
user12853	physical_attribute	broke nose
user12854	has_ability	play instrument
user12854	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user12854	like_general	blue
user12854	like_goto	concerts
user12855	want_do	retire to florida
user12855	has_hobby	musician
user12855	own	music store
user12856	employed_by_general	factory
user12856	want_do	change the world
user12856	like_general	jokes
user12856	has_hobby	volunteer
user12856	misc_attribute	punctual
user12857	like_music	rock
user12857	have_vehicle	car
user12857	like_food	all
user12857	want	win lottery
user12858	has_profession	attorney
user12858	have	beard
user12858	like_watching	comedy
user12858	like_activity	fashion
user12859	school_status	student
user12859	employed_by_company	computer company
user12859	like_animal	fish
user12860	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user12860	gender	male
user12860	live_in_general	wife and kids
user12860	own	farm
user12860	have_pet	3 dog
user12861	like_read	books
user12861	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user12862	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user12862	favorite_music	rock
user12862	attend_school	university
user12862	like_sports	skiing
user12862	has_hobby	traveling
user12863	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user12863	like_general	clothes
user12863	like_general	cold weather
user12863	has_profession	cashier
user12863	like_food	non-gmo
user12864	have_sibling	sister
user12864	have	photo
user12864	like_music	justin bieber
user12864	own	5 pairs of same pants
user12864	dislike	waiting in line
user12865	like_general	comics
user12865	has_hobby	drawing
user12865	want_do	give up
user12865	misc_attribute	creative
user12866	like_activity	football
user12866	like_drink	beer
user12866	like_general	it
user12867	misc_attribute	slow
user12867	job_status	employed
user12867	have	too be perfect
user12867	want	vacation
user12868	have_pet	dog
user12868	physical_attribute	short
user12868	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user12868	other	bad genetics
user12869	marital_status	married
user12869	like_activity	cooking
user12869	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user12869	has_ability	2 speak language
user12870	physical_attribute	skinny
user12870	has_ability	0 run very fast
user12870	favorite_drink	coffee
user12870	have_vehicle	car
user12870	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12871	marital_status	married
user12871	has_degree	masters
user12871	own	my home
user12872	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user12872	have	3 tattoos
user12872	like_activity	driving
user12872	other	did not know my dad
user12873	want_job	explorer
user12873	dislike	job
user12873	like_general	blue
user12873	like_goto	india
user12874	has_profession	businessman
user12874	like_activity	singing
user12874	has_hobby	martial arts
user12874	have_chidren	2 children
user12875	have_sibling	2 brother
user12875	other	vegan
user12875	employed_by_general	laboratory
user12875	like_activity	sleeping in
user12875	misc_attribute	romantic
user12876	physical_attribute	blonde
user12876	like_activity	painting
user12876	want_do	painting
user12876	attend_school	university
user12877	misc_attribute	old soul
user12877	physical_attribute	have back pain
user12877	want	voice
user12877	misc_attribute	passionate
user12877	misc_attribute	unstable
user12878	has_ability	driving
user12878	member_of	hobby club
user12878	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user12878	like_drink	apple martinis
user12879	has_ability	marathon runner
user12879	like_sports	swimming
user12879	like_general	winter
user12879	like_general	morning
user12879	favorite	apple
user12880	like_activity	photography
user12880	like_general	rain
user12880	like_general	candles
user12880	dislike	waking up early
user12880	like_activity	spending money
user12881	live_in_general	alone
user12881	like_activity	photography
user12881	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user12881	has_profession	engineer
user12882	have_vehicle	toyota
user12882	like_drink	pepsi
user12882	like_general	superfans
user12882	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user12883	live_in_general	condo
user12883	favorite_food	steak
user12883	like_music	opera
user12883	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user12884	physical_attribute	red skin
user12884	have	allergies
user12884	physical_attribute	attractive
user12884	like_animal	cat
user12885	like_activity	sculpting
user12885	has_hobby	artist
user12885	want_do	climbing
user12885	have	shot lion
user12885	misc_attribute	sad
user12886	other	six months to live
user12886	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user12886	like_food	fried
user12886	other	allergic
user12887	has_profession	teacher
user12887	own	0 television
user12887	like_read	<blank>
user12888	have_chidren	1 daughter
user12888	school_status	graduated
user12889	want_do	make more money
user12889	want	not to work
user12889	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user12889	like_general	pens
user12889	has_hobby	writing
user12890	has_profession	accountant
user12890	like_read	horror
user12890	like_goto	the lake
user12890	have_pet	3 dog
user12891	want_do	pilot
user12891	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user12891	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user12891	has_profession	mortician
user12891	like_general	colors
user12892	have_family	<blank>
user12892	live_in_general	alone
user12892	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user12892	like_activity	hiking
user12892	dislike	formal situations
user12893	like_goto	nail salon
user12893	have	therapist
user12893	like_goto	cafe
user12894	physical_attribute	thin
user12894	has_profession	0 clerk
user12894	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user12894	place_origin	baltimore
user12895	have	knee surgery
user12895	school_status	graduated
user12895	want_do	play
user12895	want_do	basketball
user12896	have_family	father
user12896	like_food	cake
user12896	live_in_citystatecountry	dublin
user12896	have_sibling	1 sister
user12897	like_music	frank sinatra
user12897	like_food	cheese
user12897	like_watching	spongebob
user12897	gender	female
user12897	like_activity	cooking
user12898	have	crush
user12898	have	t-shirt and jeans
user12898	like_food	candy
user12898	attend_school	university
user12899	like_general	spend time with family
user12899	like_sports	playing
user12899	attend_school	university
user12899	has_degree	business
user12900	attend_school	university of michigan
user12900	want_job	doctor
user12900	favorite_season	summer
user12900	school_status	graduated
user12901	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user12901	have	local theater gig
user12901	has_profession	comedian
user12901	place_origin	small town
user12901	previous_profession	actor
user12902	like_food	cheetos
user12902	have_family	wife
user12902	dislike	mexican food
user12902	like_activity	skiing
user12902	have	4 visited mexico
user12903	have_chidren	2 children
user12903	have	vacation home
user12903	have_vehicle	suv
user12903	have_pet	3 dog
user12903	has_degree	law
user12904	have_pet	23 cat
user12904	dislike	fish
user12904	like_activity	painting
user12904	other	vegan
user12905	have_vehicle	ford
user12905	have_vehicle	truck
user12905	like_general	ford trucks
user12905	like_general	cars
user12905	have_vehicle	ford
user12906	favorite_drink	coffee
user12906	has_ability	0 run very fast
user12906	have_vehicle	car
user12906	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12906	physical_attribute	skinny
user12907	like_goto	concerts
user12907	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user12907	has_ability	play instrument
user12907	like_general	blue
user12907	has_hobby	swimming
user12908	place_origin	alabama
user12908	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user12908	like_watching	game of thrones
user12909	dislike	wearing pants
user12909	like_movie	john grisham
user12909	has_ability	play instrument
user12910	physical_attribute	blonde
user12910	have_family	only child
user12910	like_goto	foreign countries
user12910	have_pet	3 cat
user12911	<blank>	<blank>
user12911	attend_school	welding
user12911	have_family	mother
user12911	has_profession	contractor
user12912	dislike	career
user12912	job_status	unemployed
user12912	want_job	author
user12912	has_profession	translator
user12913	has_profession	teacher
user12913	have_pet	2 dog
user12913	have_chidren	2 children
user12913	other	mother
user12914	have	boyfriend
user12914	favorite_color	yellow
user12914	has_ability	play instrument
user12914	physical_attribute	short hair
user12915	marital_status	married
user12915	favorite_book	the bible
user12915	has_hobby	traveling
user12915	misc_attribute	1 religious
user12915	gender	male
user12916	misc_attribute	skeptical
user12916	misc_attribute	lively
user12916	has_ability	fast typer
user12916	like_general	color red
user12917	want_job	designer
user12917	like_general	fashion designers
user12917	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12917	like_general	fashion
user12917	like_activity	shopping
user12918	want_do	buy
user12918	physical_attribute	long hair
user12918	like_food	spicy
user12918	previous_profession	movie theater
user12918	has_hobby	running
user12919	misc_attribute	fair
user12919	want_job	in the federal court
user12919	previous_profession	lawyer
user12919	has_profession	judge
user12919	other	albert
user12920	employed_by_general	restaurant
user12920	has_hobby	cooking
user12920	have_pet	1 dog
user12921	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user12921	has_profession	actor
user12921	has_ability	singing
user12921	want_job	writer
user12921	like_activity	painting
user12922	favorite_music_artist	rush
user12922	have_chidren	2 children
user12922	other	colour blind
user12922	want_job	employment
user12922	has_ability	3 speak language
user12923	has_profession	barista
user12923	has_ability	speak language
user12923	like_activity	hiking
user12923	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user12924	dislike	tofu
user12924	employed_by_general	<blank>
user12924	have_vehicle	prius
user12925	misc_attribute	punctual
user12925	want_do	change the world
user12925	like_general	jokes
user12925	employed_by_general	factory
user12925	has_hobby	volunteer
user12926	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user12926	has_hobby	camping
user12926	like_activity	horseback riding
user12926	have_chidren	2 son
user12927	has_profession	make robots
user12927	like_food	chinese
user12927	marital_status	single
user12927	have	bas social life
user12927	like_general	going to bed late
user12928	like_activity	singing
user12928	have_chidren	children
user12928	marital_status	not married
user12928	has_hobby	hunting
user12928	like_sports	basketball
user12929	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user12929	favorite	superman
user12929	have_vehicle	toyota
user12930	has_ability	play instrument
user12930	like_activity	travel
user12930	like_activity	cooking
user12930	has_ability	play instrument
user12930	like_music	classical
user12931	want_job	casino manager
user12931	has_ability	card countin
user12931	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user12931	has_degree	statistics
user12932	like_sports	running
user12932	like_food	hamburgers
user12932	dislike	winter
user12932	has_ability	sleep
user12932	has_profession	electrician
user12933	other	mother 2 daughters
user12933	misc_attribute	people person
user12933	misc_attribute	frustrated
user12934	want	porsche
user12934	like_watching	stars
user12934	physical_attribute	short
user12934	school_status	student
user12935	employed_by_general	retailer
user12935	like_drink	coke
user12935	has_hobby	shopping
user12935	have_vehicle	ford
user12936	misc_attribute	optimistic
user12936	employed_by_company	scrubway
user12936	attend_school	university
user12936	want_do	video games
user12937	like_activity	traveling
user12937	marital_status	20 married
user12937	favorite_sport	football
user12937	previous_profession	veteran
user12937	job_status	volunteer
user12938	favorite	eat at restaurant
user12938	have	1 shoes
user12938	physical_attribute	allergic
user12938	like_general	having my back scratched
user12939	live_in_general	island
user12939	has_ability	cannibal
user12939	like_activity	fishing
user12939	have_pet	dog
user12939	has_hobby	boat making
user12940	physical_attribute	short
user12940	other	beard
user12940	have_family	8 brother
user12941	live_in_general	apartment
user12941	dislike	coffee
user12941	has_profession	finance
user12941	like_sports	soccer
user12942	like_general	blue
user12942	have_sibling	3 sibling
user12942	like_activity	drawing
user12943	favorite_place	mall
user12943	physical_attribute	deaf
user12943	like_sports	tennis
user12943	have_pet	dog
user12943	marital_status	single
user12944	like_activity	yoga
user12944	employed_by_general	newspaper
user12944	favorite_color	grey
user12944	like_activity	writing
user12945	have_pet	2 dog
user12945	has_profession	veterinarian
user12945	like_animal	dog
user12945	have_pet	2 dog
user12946	like_general	children
user12946	like_activity	shopping
user12946	like_food	<blank>
user12946	like_activity	chatting with friends
user12947	like_activity	baking
user12947	previous_profession	nurse
user12947	like_activity	wrestling
user12947	like_activity	painting
user12947	has_profession	cartographer
user12948	has_profession	driver
user12948	has_profession	truck driver
user12948	favorite_hobby	baseball
user12948	have_chidren	2 children
user12949	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user12949	has_hobby	camping
user12949	like_activity	horseback riding
user12949	have_chidren	2 son
user12950	like_goto	canada
user12950	has_profession	manager
user12950	has_hobby	bicycling
user12950	misc_attribute	competitive
user12950	other	name
user12951	has_hobby	hiking
user12951	has_hobby	biking
user12951	like_goto	outdoors
user12951	favorite	pancakes
user12952	dislike	beer
user12952	other	lives with a roommate
user12952	favorite_animal	koala
user12952	job_status	employed
user12953	other	name is kevin
user12953	school_status	student
user12953	want_job	software engineer
user12953	like_activity	working out
user12953	has_ability	play instrument
user12954	favorite_place	florida
user12954	like_activity	skiing
user12954	has_hobby	singing
user12954	favorite_color	yellow
user12955	misc_attribute	make things right
user12955	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user12955	like_general	take fridays off in the summer
user12955	has_profession	sales
user12955	like_activity	making clients happy
user12956	like_activity	cooking
user12956	like_food	<blank>
user12956	like_activity	chatting with friends
user12956	like_activity	shopping
user12957	like_food	sushi
user12957	attend_school	graduate school
user12957	has_hobby	cooking
user12957	school_status	student
user12958	like_music	rock
user12958	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user12958	attend_school	online
user12958	like_food	ice cream
user12959	favorite_food	ravioli
user12959	have_family	father
user12959	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user12960	dislike	feeling controlled
user12960	misc_attribute	critic
user12960	dislike	<blank>
user12960	misc_attribute	regretful
user12961	school_status	student
user12961	favorite	rose
user12961	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user12961	has_profession	waiter
user12961	have_chidren	daughter
user12962	like_read	twilight
user12962	has_hobby	surfing
user12962	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user12962	like_music	jason mraz
user12962	want_do	eat: insect
user12963	have_vehicle	prius
user12963	like_general	red
user12963	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user12964	have_pet	skunk
user12964	have	green nails
user12964	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user12964	has_degree	masters
user12965	other	vegetarian
user12965	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user12965	other	catholic
user12965	job_status	employed
user12966	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user12966	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12966	school_status	graduate student
user12966	favorite_animal	pug
user12966	misc_attribute	night owl
user12967	like_music	pop
user12967	like_watching	nascar
user12967	want	house on beach
user12968	have_pet	parakeet
user12968	have	3 roommate
user12968	like_food	gummy bears
user12968	favorite_color	orange
user12968	other	lactose intolerant
user12969	job_status	unemployed
user12969	like_drink	any drinks
user12969	has_hobby	drinking
user12969	misc_attribute	responsible
user12970	like_activity	baking
user12970	other	vegetarian
user12970	favorite_music	country
user12970	like_general	internet
user12970	job_status	employed
user12971	have	nice smile
user12971	like_activity	working out
user12971	misc_attribute	friendly
user12971	like_general	makeup
user12972	have_family	sibling
user12972	other	disappointment
user12972	like_animal	parrot
user12972	like_activity	climbing
user12972	want_do	travel
user12973	has_hobby	travel
user12973	have_family	mother
user12973	attend_school	high school
user12973	like_sports	hockey
user12974	like_music	the lumineers
user12974	like_activity	reading
user12974	misc_attribute	happy
user12974	has_ability	sing many songs
user12975	misc_attribute	dishonest
user12975	misc_attribute	personable
user12975	misc_attribute	physical
user12975	other	has driven race car
user12975	want_do	<blank>
user12976	misc_attribute	angry
user12976	like_goto	bar
user12976	have_vehicle	jaguar
user12976	gender	male
user12977	misc_attribute	friendly
user12977	misc_attribute	nice
user12977	like_activity	working out
user12977	like_general	makeup
user12978	have_pet	2 dog
user12978	marital_status	single
user12978	job_status	employed
user12978	has_age	30
user12979	have_vehicle	car
user12979	like_sports	running
user12979	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user12979	have_pet	2 dog
user12979	has_profession	accountant
user12980	like_music	van halen
user12980	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user12980	like_activity	traveling
user12980	has_hobby	fashion
user12980	want_job	doctor
user12981	favorite_season	summer
user12981	job_status	unemployed
user12981	have	birthday in june
user12981	have_pet	cat
user12982	misc_attribute	unsociable
user12982	like_food	sweets
user12982	misc_attribute	careful
user12982	other	jack of all trades
user12982	gender	male
user12983	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user12983	has_hobby	horseback riding
user12983	like_food	popcorn
user12983	has_hobby	snowboarding
user12983	have_sibling	brother
user12984	like_food	beef
user12984	have_pet	dog
user12984	other	<blank>
user12985	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user12985	other	veteran
user12985	have	girlfriend
user12985	like_food	meat
user12986	employed_by_general	real estate
user12986	has_age	23
user12986	marital_status	dating
user12986	favorite	daisy
user12986	like_activity	singing
user12987	have	brown hair
user12987	employed_by_general	a local party store
user12987	other	adopted
user12987	favorite	christmas
user12987	have	birth mother
user12988	misc_attribute	optimistic
user12988	want_do	video games
user12988	attend_school	university
user12988	like_music	country
user12988	employed_by_company	scrubway
user12989	physical_attribute	tall
user12989	has_hobby	gymnastics
user12989	like_music	the beatles
user12989	has_profession	scientist
user12990	have_pet	1 lizard
user12990	have_family	only child
user12990	<blank>	plants
user12990	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user12991	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12991	have_family	children
user12991	like_activity	driving
user12991	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user12992	has_hobby	working out
user12992	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user12992	has_ability	play instrument
user12992	has_hobby	fishing
user12993	have_family	only child
user12993	favorite_music	barbie girl
user12993	like_general	barbie
user12993	other	nancy
user12993	gender	female
user12994	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12994	like_activity	shopping
user12994	like_general	fashion designers
user12994	attend_school	university
user12995	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user12995	like_music	the rolling stones
user12995	like_drink	soda
user12995	have_chidren	3 children
user12995	marital_status	married
user12996	have	girlfriend
user12996	dislike	alcohol
user12996	like_sports	football
user12996	attend_school	alabama university
user12997	employed_by_general	candy store
user12997	like_activity	running
user12997	marital_status	married
user12997	has_hobby	football
user12998	like_goto	museum
user12998	marital_status	married
user12998	have_family	10 niece
user12998	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user12999	favorite	third-party softtware
user12999	like_activity	watching videos
user12999	favorite_food	shrimp
user12999	have_pet	dog
user13000	employed_by_general	laboratory
user13000	misc_attribute	romantic
user13000	have_sibling	2 brother
user13000	like_activity	sleeping in
user13001	previous_profession	slave
user13001	marital_status	married
user13001	have_sibling	sibling
user13001	like_general	red
user13001	has_profession	carpenter
user13002	dislike	cleaning
user13002	have_chidren	2 children
user13002	physical_attribute	brunette
user13003	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13003	favorite_hobby	reading
user13003	favorite_book	stephen king
user13003	has_ability	digital art
user13004	like_watching	horror
user13004	has_ability	play instrument
user13004	other	allergies
user13004	member_of	community center
user13005	has_hobby	running
user13005	like_activity	spending time with family
user13005	favorite_place	american eagle
user13005	dislike	vegetables
user13005	favorite	chevy duramax
user13006	has_ability	play instrument
user13006	has_ability	making clothing
user13006	like_general	jimmy fallon
user13006	physical_attribute	going bald
user13007	have_chidren	3 children
user13007	<blank>	<blank>
user13007	has_profession	teacher
user13007	school_status	graduated
user13007	live_in_general	suburbs
user13008	has_profession	scientist
user13008	has_hobby	martial arts
user13008	want	go to mars
user13008	has_hobby	art
user13009	have_pet	1 dog
user13009	has_ability	play instrument
user13010	has_hobby	football
user13010	like_activity	running
user13010	employed_by_general	candy store
user13010	like_general	politics
user13011	like_activity	board games
user13011	has_profession	driver
user13011	like_animal	fish
user13011	have_chidren	4 daughter
user13012	like_food	takeout
user13012	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user13012	school_status	graduated
user13012	like_general	low taxes
user13013	misc_attribute	savage
user13013	other	stuck in the past
user13013	has_ability	not technology
user13013	like_general	place
user13013	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user13014	other	volunteer firefighter.
user13014	has_degree	marketing
user13014	job_status	employed
user13014	has_age	30
user13014	physical_attribute	colorblind
user13015	misc_attribute	picky
user13015	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user13015	like_music	indie
user13015	want_job	teacher
user13015	like_animal	dog
user13016	like_food	tuna
user13016	have_pet	2 cat
user13016	have_pet	cat
user13016	has_profession	librarian
user13016	like_activity	reading
user13017	have_vehicle	ferrari
user13017	dislike	acting
user13017	dislike	kids
user13018	like_read	fantasy
user13018	other	mother
user13018	like_activity	shopping
user13018	employed_by_company	monsanto
user13018	like_activity	swimming
user13019	favorite_animal	dolphins
user13019	like_activity	making lets plays
user13019	like_watching	youtube
user13020	has_profession	truck driver
user13020	like_activity	working out
user13020	favorite_sport	football
user13020	have_vehicle	camper
user13020	previous_profession	veteran
user13021	misc_attribute	helpful
user13021	have_sibling	twin brother
user13021	want_do	skydiving
user13021	has_ability	play instrument
user13021	like_activity	gardening
user13022	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user13022	attend_school	graduate school
user13022	marital_status	divorced
user13022	other	hindu
user13023	like_music	muggers
user13023	like_activity	surfing
user13023	marital_status	single
user13023	has_ability	earn passive income
user13024	have_pet	dog
user13024	like_read	books
user13024	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user13025	has_profession	gamer
user13025	has_hobby	walking
user13025	like_activity	play league of legends
user13025	like_animal	dog
user13026	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user13026	have_sibling	sister
user13026	have	3 roomates
user13026	other	piercing
user13027	like_activity	working out
user13027	like_general	building apps
user13027	like_general	people
user13028	like_food	chocolate
user13028	like_watching	anime
user13028	has_hobby	gardening
user13029	like_activity	cooking
user13029	<blank>	<blank>
user13029	like_animal	dog
user13030	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user13030	like_goto	walmart
user13030	like_animal	cat
user13030	favorite_season	winter
user13030	misc_attribute	excited
user13031	attend_school	university
user13031	like_music	death metal
user13031	live_in_general	a home
user13032	job_status	employed
user13032	employed_by_company	facebook
user13032	has_profession	programmer
user13032	have_pet	2 dog
user13032	like_activity	donate time
user13033	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user13033	has_ability	play instrument
user13033	has_profession	rapper
user13033	own	mansion
user13034	like_activity	hiking
user13034	like_activity	photography
user13034	live_in_general	alone
user13034	has_profession	engineer
user13035	like_activity	swimming
user13035	employed_by_company	monsanto
user13035	like_read	fantasy
user13035	other	mother
user13035	like_activity	shopping
user13036	previous_profession	mechanic
user13036	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user13036	has_ability	can build computers
user13036	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user13037	has_age	25
user13037	has_ability	play instrument
user13037	have	name
user13037	have_vehicle	ford
user13038	like_general	saving money
user13038	want_job	artist
user13038	other	am a couponer
user13038	misc_attribute	organized
user13039	want_do	<blank>
user13039	has_ability	playing pool
user13039	teach	arts
user13039	like_animal	unicorn
user13039	want_do	travel
user13040	physical_attribute	blonde
user13040	like_general	blue
user13040	like_activity	running
user13040	has_hobby	cooking
user13041	like_movie	godfather
user13041	physical_attribute	overweight
user13041	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user13041	like_food	candy
user13041	gender	male
user13042	like_general	natural world beauty
user13042	like_activity	hiking
user13042	like_animal	all
user13042	like_read	fantasy
user13043	job_status	internship
user13043	want_do	skydiving
user13043	have_pet	reptile
user13043	other	character
user13044	like_general	time with friends
user13044	like_read	books
user13044	dislike	country
user13044	dislike	hot weather
user13044	want_do	traveling
user13045	like_food	chinese
user13045	marital_status	single
user13045	like_general	going to bed late
user13045	have	bas social life
user13046	misc_attribute	ocd
user13046	other	vegan
user13046	teach	children
user13046	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user13047	like_food	beets
user13047	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user13047	live_in_general	farm
user13047	has_profession	salesman
user13048	attend_school	university
user13048	want_job	teacher
user13048	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user13049	favorite_food	pizza
user13049	like_activity	walking
user13049	like_activity	reading
user13049	like_music	dream theater
user13049	like_general	being myself
user13050	has_age	25
user13050	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user13050	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user13050	has_profession	cashier
user13051	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user13051	other	democrat
user13051	misc_attribute	confident
user13051	like_food	fish
user13052	have_chidren	2 son
user13052	like_goto	museum
user13052	like_goto	wine tours
user13052	like_activity	painting
user13053	like_general	cher
user13053	have	no money
user13053	marital_status	single
user13053	have_vehicle	sports car
user13053	like_general	purple
user13054	have	condo
user13054	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user13054	like_general	blue
user13054	has_profession	salesman
user13055	like_general	grateful dead
user13055	have	terrible singing voice
user13055	has_profession	cook
user13055	has_hobby	writing
user13056	want_do	travel
user13056	has_profession	yoga instruction
user13056	like_watching	western
user13057	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13057	like_music	classical
user13057	marital_status	married
user13057	like_sports	golf
user13058	physical_attribute	short
user13059	<blank>	<blank>
user13059	has_profession	musician
user13059	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user13059	job_status	employed
user13060	physical_attribute	overweight
user13060	other	mother
user13060	want	attractive
user13060	like_activity	eating
user13061	like_general	blue
user13061	like_activity	running
user13061	physical_attribute	blonde
user13061	has_hobby	cooking
user13062	like_drink	beer
user13062	like_activity	football
user13062	like_general	fun
user13063	dislike	acting
user13063	have_vehicle	ferrari
user13063	dislike	kids
user13064	like_activity	outdoors
user13064	member_of	city council
user13064	like_food	locally sourced
user13064	have_pet	10 alpacas
user13065	own	truck
user13065	school_status	graduated
user13065	like_music	rap
user13065	live_in_general	farm
user13066	has_hobby	video games
user13066	like_goto	park
user13066	job_status	employed
user13066	like_sports	running
user13066	favorite_color	green
user13067	like_activity	cooking
user13067	want_do	traveling
user13067	have_pet	cat
user13068	has_profession	yoga instruction
user13068	have_pet	2 dog
user13068	like_general	horses
user13068	have	seashells
user13069	previous_profession	musician
user13069	employed_by_general	online
user13069	like_food	meat
user13069	previous_profession	factory worker
user13069	like_music	the story so far
user13070	has_profession	barista
user13070	like_goto	craft shows
user13070	live_in_general	apartment
user13070	favorite_book	the bible
user13071	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user13071	have_sibling	3 sibling
user13071	like_activity	drawing
user13072	physical_attribute	red hair
user13072	other	nick
user13072	misc_attribute	friendly
user13072	have_vehicle	scooter
user13073	other	mother
user13073	has_profession	nurse
user13073	like_music	the rolling stones
user13073	favorite_food	mexican food
user13073	like_activity	reading
user13074	like_food	meat
user13074	like_music	rap
user13074	has_hobby	weed
user13074	have_family	father
user13074	employed_by_general	it
user13075	like_animal	cat
user13075	other	vegetarian
user13075	live_in_general	"parents basement"
user13075	has_hobby	reading
user13075	employed_by_general	flower shop
user13076	like_read	twilight
user13076	have	6 toes
user13076	attend_school	elementary
user13076	have	glasses
user13076	dislike	skiing
user13077	has_ability	speak language
user13077	have	1 blue eye
user13077	have_pet	cat
user13078	has_ability	apply make-up
user13078	like_watching	make up tutorials
user13078	have	50000 subcribers
user13078	has_hobby	youtube
user13079	attend_school	high school
user13079	like_activity	dance
user13079	member_of	dance team
user13079	like_watching	disney movies
user13080	like_food	non-gmo
user13080	has_profession	cashier
user13080	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user13080	like_general	cold weather
user13081	<blank>	<blank>
user13081	like_music	all genres
user13081	like_activity	drawing
user13081	have_chidren	5 children
user13082	misc_attribute	healthy
user13082	misc_attribute	smart
user13082	misc_attribute	social
user13082	attend_school	high school
user13083	gender	female
user13083	attend_school	high school
user13083	physical_attribute	blonde
user13084	like_activity	singing
user13084	employed_by_general	diner
user13084	has_ability	to be late
user13084	own	cupcake business
user13084	have	roommate
user13085	has_hobby	volunteer
user13085	marital_status	married
user13085	has_hobby	yoga
user13085	has_profession	teacher
user13086	place_origin	france
user13086	like_sports	soccer
user13086	like_sports	soccer
user13086	have_sibling	brother
user13087	has_hobby	fishing
user13087	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user13087	has_hobby	working out
user13087	has_ability	play instrument
user13088	like_animal	animals
user13088	have	problems
user13088	physical_attribute	glasses
user13088	physical_attribute	short
user13088	other	eat out for food
user13089	has_age	middle aged
user13089	like_general	family
user13089	dislike	talking
user13089	like_sports	basketball
user13089	like_music	religious
user13090	like_music	country
user13090	like_watching	sport
user13090	like_food	meat
user13090	like_activity	hunting
user13091	school_status	graduate student
user13091	school_status	student
user13091	has_profession	volunteering
user13091	other	early
user13091	school_status	student
user13092	<blank>	<blank>
user13092	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user13092	like_general	leather clothes
user13092	like_general	boots
user13092	like_general	sleeping in
user13093	like_activity	guitar
user13093	dislike	caffeine
user13093	have	1 job
user13094	has_degree	business
user13094	like_general	spend time with family
user13094	attend_school	university
user13094	like_sports	playing
user13095	want_job	aide
user13095	like_music	pink
user13095	like_drink	coffee
user13096	physical_attribute	<blank>
user13096	misc_attribute	lazy
user13096	misc_attribute	weird
user13096	have	2 hair
user13096	has_hobby	skateboarding
user13097	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user13097	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user13097	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user13097	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13097	has_hobby	archery
user13098	like_sports	basketball
user13098	misc_attribute	quiet
user13098	like_music	religious
user13098	has_age	middle aged
user13099	other	vegan
user13099	have	2 smartphones
user13099	like_read	<blank>
user13099	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user13099	has_profession	nurse
user13100	misc_attribute	healthy
user13100	like_food	italian cuisine
user13100	favorite_food	pizza
user13100	other	east asian
user13101	have_family	parents
user13101	like_sports	soccer
user13101	has_hobby	reading
user13101	favorite_movie	disney movies
user13102	has_hobby	knitting
user13102	has_profession	tutor
user13102	like_activity	going barefoot
user13102	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user13103	have	2 science classes
user13103	employed_by_general	library
user13103	other	commutes
user13103	school_status	student
user13103	live_in_general	home
user13104	favorite_season	summer
user13104	like_animal	butterfly
user13104	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user13104	favorite	hero
user13105	live_in_general	city
user13105	employed_by_general	indie band
user13105	like_drink	beer
user13106	like_food	fruit
user13106	like_food	apple
user13106	like_food	apple
user13106	dislike	meat
user13107	misc_attribute	generous
user13107	like_general	blame
user13107	like_general	smelling my own farts
user13107	place_origin	san francisco
user13108	physical_attribute	attractive
user13108	job_status	retired
user13108	own	wear glasses
user13108	has_hobby	working out
user13109	attend_school	university
user13109	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user13109	like_goto	broadway shows
user13109	has_hobby	traveling
user13109	like_sports	steelers
user13110	have_pet	2 dog
user13110	dislike	spiders
user13110	has_profession	pilot
user13110	other	parents in the military
user13111	like_activity	reading
user13111	favorite_food	mexican food
user13111	has_profession	nurse
user13111	other	mother
user13112	like_activity	clean
user13112	like_read	<blank>
user13112	live_in_general	sister
user13112	misc_attribute	afraid
user13113	have	a beer
user13113	has_profession	roofer
user13113	like_sports	football
user13113	favorite_food	steak
user13113	have_vehicle	truck
user13114	has_ability	play instrument
user13114	has_profession	nurse
user13114	marital_status	single
user13114	own	1 house
user13114	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user13115	has_ability	unclear
user13115	misc_attribute	shy
user13115	other	was accepted to participate
user13115	misc_attribute	shy
user13116	want	porsche
user13116	like_watching	stars
user13116	misc_attribute	often late
user13116	has_hobby	pet
user13117	favorite_drink	coffee
user13117	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13117	physical_attribute	skinny
user13117	has_ability	0 run very fast
user13117	have_vehicle	car
user13118	physical_attribute	colorblind
user13118	has_age	30
user13118	other	volunteer firefighter.
user13118	job_status	employed
user13118	has_degree	marketing
user13119	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user13119	have_pet	dog
user13119	like_read	books
user13120	have	an online business
user13120	has_hobby	yoga
user13120	has_profession	marketing
user13120	other	vegan
user13120	has_ability	meditate
user13121	have_family	wife
user13121	has_profession	baker
user13121	have_chidren	children
user13121	want_do	retire
user13121	previous_profession	actor
user13122	like_general	red
user13122	school_status	student
user13122	have_pet	dog
user13122	have_family	only child
user13123	has_ability	play instrument
user13123	favorite_color	yellow
user13123	have	boyfriend
user13123	physical_attribute	short hair
user13124	like_general	cars
user13124	like_general	morning
user13124	like_activity	roleplay
user13125	employed_by_general	warehouse
user13125	physical_attribute	buff
user13125	has_hobby	video games
user13126	like_music	folk
user13126	own	pink hiking boots
user13126	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user13126	like_activity	hiking
user13126	has_profession	in marketing
user13127	want_job	writer
user13127	has_profession	actor
user13127	has_ability	singing
user13127	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user13127	like_activity	painting
user13128	want_job	musician
user13128	school_status	student
user13129	have	blood sugar problems
user13129	have_pet	3 dog
user13129	dislike	working out
user13129	have_vehicle	bicycle
user13129	has_ability	play instrument
user13130	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user13130	other	allergic to shellfish
user13130	like_sports	equestrian
user13131	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user13131	has_profession	athlete
user13131	has_hobby	weight lifting
user13131	has_hobby	working out
user13132	have	10 piercings
user13132	favorite_food	italian
user13132	like_activity	driving
user13132	<blank>	smoking
user13133	has_hobby	hunting
user13133	have_chidren	2 children
user13133	like_goto	local animal shelter
user13133	other	parents are teachers
user13133	have_pet	2 cat
user13134	employed_by_general	online company
user13134	has_ability	cook
user13134	like_general	family time
user13134	other	soccer mom
user13134	teach	cheerleading
user13135	like_general	comics
user13135	job_status	employed
user13135	have_pet	cat
user13135	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user13135	like_activity	reading
user13136	have_sibling	sibling
user13136	employed_by_general	hospital
user13136	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user13136	physical_attribute	pink hair
user13136	other	allergic to bees
user13137	have	an online business
user13137	has_ability	meditate
user13137	has_profession	marketing
user13137	other	vegan
user13138	like_activity	fixing
user13138	like_drink	beer
user13138	employed_by_general	large company
user13138	like_music	classic rock
user13139	own	wear glasses
user13139	job_status	retired
user13139	has_hobby	working out
user13139	other	8 grandchildren
user13140	has_profession	in marketing
user13140	like_activity	hiking
user13140	own	pink hiking boots
user13140	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user13140	like_music	folk
user13141	school_status	student
user13141	teach	kindergarten
user13141	other	vegan
user13141	like_goto	museum
user13142	have_sibling	twin sister
user13142	has_profession	teacher
user13142	has_hobby	yoga
user13142	like_food	chocolate
user13143	has_profession	pilot
user13143	favorite_food	fried chicken
user13143	marital_status	married
user13143	have_sibling	twin sister
user13144	physical_attribute	short hair
user13144	has_ability	play instrument
user13144	favorite_color	yellow
user13145	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user13145	has_profession	barista
user13145	has_ability	speak language
user13145	like_activity	hiking
user13146	misc_attribute	crazy
user13146	dislike	death
user13146	like_activity	filming
user13146	misc_attribute	friendly
user13146	has_ability	bad lying
user13147	dislike	broccoli
user13147	has_profession	design video games
user13147	favorite_music	rock
user13147	dislike	afraid of the dark
user13148	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user13148	like_watching	surgery
user13148	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user13148	like_music	britney spears
user13149	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user13149	like_read	books
user13149	like_read	1984
user13149	attend_school	university
user13150	favorite_color	orange
user13150	have_chidren	child
user13150	like_watching	sport
user13150	have_pet	2 cat
user13151	have	trouble connecting with family
user13151	misc_attribute	shy
user13151	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user13151	physical_attribute	allergic
user13151	like_food	vegetables
user13152	favorite	bob ross
user13152	has_profession	accountant
user13152	has_hobby	hiking
user13153	like_animal	dragon
user13153	like_general	apple products
user13153	like_activity	snorkeling
user13153	like_food	fruit
user13154	has_ability	play instrument
user13154	employed_by_general	deli
user13154	like_animal	fish
user13154	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user13154	school_status	dropped out
user13155	favorite_food	shrimp
user13155	favorite	third-party softtware
user13155	like_food	pumpkins
user13155	like_activity	watching videos
user13155	have_pet	dog
user13156	want_job	actor
user13156	like_general	love
user13156	other	parents are doctors
user13156	school_status	student
user13157	like_watching	make up tutorials
user13157	has_hobby	youtube
user13157	has_ability	make up
user13157	have	50000 subscribers
user13158	other	parents are doctors
user13158	want_job	actor
user13158	like_general	love
user13158	school_status	student
user13158	has_hobby	community theater
user13159	has_ability	bad lying
user13159	misc_attribute	crazy
user13159	like_activity	filming
user13159	like_activity	making people smile
user13159	dislike	death
user13160	misc_attribute	night owl
user13160	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user13160	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user13160	school_status	graduate student
user13160	favorite_animal	pug
user13161	job_status	employed
user13161	favorite_color	green
user13161	like_animal	cat
user13161	like_general	car
user13162	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user13162	misc_attribute	am happy
user13162	has_profession	waitress
user13163	misc_attribute	bipolar
user13163	like_food	hummus
user13163	want	child
user13163	other	mother
user13164	other	gene to detect asparagus
user13164	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user13164	physical_attribute	short
user13164	have_pet	dog
user13165	like_activity	running
user13165	physical_attribute	tall
user13165	like_activity	dance
user13165	like_sports	hockey
user13166	has_hobby	running
user13166	has_profession	cook
user13166	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user13166	job_status	seeking employment
user13166	want_do	own a restaurant
user13167	have_chidren	children
user13167	has_profession	baker
user13167	want_do	retire
user13167	previous_profession	actor
user13168	like_general	canadian women
user13168	like_food	ginger snaps
user13168	like_activity	relieving myself
user13168	has_hobby	hiking
user13169	has_hobby	hiking
user13169	has_hobby	writing
user13169	has_profession	cook
user13169	like_general	grateful dead
user13170	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user13170	misc_attribute	organized
user13170	misc_attribute	overeat
user13170	like_general	kids
user13171	like_activity	walking
user13171	have_pet	cat
user13171	like_watching	game of thrones
user13171	have_chidren	4 children
user13171	has_profession	artist
user13172	gender	female
user13172	have_chidren	children
user13172	live_in_general	rural area
user13173	like_watching	anime
user13173	like_general	my little pony
user13173	like_activity	being weird
user13173	like_animal	butterfly
user13174	physical_attribute	long red hair
user13174	have_pet	10 cat
user13174	like_food	blue jello
user13174	job_status	employed
user13174	dislike	asparagus
user13175	has_profession	president
user13175	own	casino
user13175	other	rich
user13175	other	bankrupt
user13176	nationality	canada
user13176	have_pet	2 cat
user13176	favorite_sport	soccer
user13177	job_status	employed
user13177	like_activity	reading
user13177	like_general	comics
user13177	have_pet	cat
user13178	gender	male
user13178	has_hobby	traveling
user13178	misc_attribute	1 religious
user13178	marital_status	married
user13179	has_profession	teacher
user13179	like_drink	coffee
user13179	have_sibling	twin sister
user13179	like_food	chocolate
user13179	has_hobby	yoga
user13180	like_activity	reading
user13180	like_activity	walking
user13180	like_general	being myself
user13180	like_music	dream theater
user13180	favorite_food	pizza
user13181	other	orphan
user13181	misc_attribute	clown
user13181	like_general	attention
user13181	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user13182	nationality	british
user13182	like_general	blue
user13182	have_pet	5 cat
user13183	like_activity	manicures
user13183	other	allergic to cats
user13183	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user13183	have_chidren	son
user13184	like_activity	going barefoot
user13184	has_hobby	knitting
user13184	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user13184	has_profession	tutor
user13185	have_pet	3 dog
user13185	dislike	sweet potatoes
user13185	has_profession	athlete
user13185	has_ability	run marathons
user13186	like_goto	craft shows
user13186	has_profession	barista
user13186	live_in_general	apartment
user13186	favorite_book	the bible
user13187	have_family	only child
user13187	favorite_color	purple
user13187	have_pet	1 lizard
user13187	<blank>	plants
user13188	like_activity	driving
user13188	like_general	to chat with my friends
user13188	like_read	in a series
user13188	like_goto	movie theater
user13188	like_goto	restaurant
user13189	dislike	beer
user13189	other	lives with a roommate
user13189	job_status	employed
user13189	favorite_animal	koala
user13190	like_activity	cooking
user13190	like_activity	swimming
user13190	favorite_color	green
user13191	has_ability	sleeping
user13191	want_job	dentist
user13191	favorite	raptors
user13191	like_sports	sports
user13191	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user13192	<blank>	play instrument
user13192	has_hobby	geocache
user13192	has_profession	psychologist
user13192	like_food	chocolate
user13193	other	vegan
user13193	own	farm
user13193	like_animal	animals
user13193	like_music	country
user13193	like_activity	dancing
user13194	want_do	skydiving
user13194	like_activity	gardening
user13194	have_sibling	twin brother
user13194	misc_attribute	helpful
user13195	job_status	seeking employment
user13195	want	help
user13195	have_family	parents
user13195	other	bisexual
user13196	has_hobby	diving
user13196	want	immortality
user13196	like_general	technology
user13196	have_pet	dog and cat
user13196	like_general	people
user13197	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user13197	have_pet	2 dog
user13197	have_chidren	4 daughter
user13197	like_food	cake
user13197	has_ability	play instrument
user13198	other	vegan
user13198	place_origin	seattle
user13198	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user13198	has_profession	public relations
user13198	other	buddhist
user13199	has_profession	judge
user13199	want_job	in the federal court
user13199	previous_profession	lawyer
user13199	misc_attribute	fair
user13200	have	a significant other
user13200	school_status	major in business administration
user13200	employed_by_general	daycare
user13200	attend_school	university
user13201	has_ability	visiting
user13202	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user13202	employed_by_general	deli
user13202	has_ability	play instrument
user13202	like_animal	fish
user13203	want_job	smithsonian
user13203	misc_attribute	risky
user13203	favorite_show	csi
user13203	dislike	winter
user13204	have_family	grandmother
user13204	has_profession	bowler
user13204	marital_status	divorced
user13204	job_status	employed
user13205	has_ability	sleeping
user13205	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user13205	like_sports	sports
user13205	favorite	raptors
user13205	want_job	dentist
user13206	dislike	vegetables
user13206	favorite	truck
user13206	favorite_place	american eagle
user13206	like_activity	spending time with family
user13206	has_hobby	running
user13207	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user13207	employed_by_general	government
user13207	like_sports	sports
user13207	like_sports	baseball
user13208	employed_by_company	google
user13208	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user13208	has_profession	engineer
user13208	like_food	lobster
user13209	have	boots
user13209	favorite_season	spring
user13209	like_activity	fishing
user13209	dislike	losing
user13210	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user13210	want_job	teacher
user13210	attend_school	university
user13211	gender	female
user13211	have	wheel chair
user13211	physical_attribute	short
user13211	have_chidren	2 children
user13211	dislike	tomato
user13212	live_in_general	near celebrities
user13212	has_hobby	hanging out with imaginary friends
user13212	like_food	barbeque sandwiches
user13212	has_age	19
user13213	like_food	food with no animal product
user13213	employed_by_general	retailer
user13213	live_in_general	coast
user13213	like_goto	0 library
user13213	physical_attribute	red hair
user13214	have	condo
user13214	like_general	blue
user13214	like_activity	cycling
user13214	has_profession	salesman
user13215	other	deaf man
user13215	like_activity	reading
user13215	dislike	driving
user13215	favorite	number is 7
user13216	dislike	green beans
user13216	misc_attribute	unstable
user13216	like_watching	games shows
user13216	misc_attribute	religious
user13216	has_hobby	travel
user13217	other	carnivore
user13217	like_goto	rock concerts
user13217	place_origin	farm
user13217	like_activity	with friends
user13218	have	crush
user13218	has_hobby	skateboarding
user13218	have	t-shirt and jeans
user13218	like_food	candy
user13219	like_music	country
user13219	like_activity	hunting
user13219	have_vehicle	truck
user13219	like_watching	sport
user13219	like_food	meat
user13220	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user13220	like_activity	card game
user13220	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user13220	have_pet	4 pet
user13220	favorite_food	jello
user13221	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user13221	like_food	non-gmo
user13221	like_general	cold weather
user13221	like_general	clothes
user13221	has_profession	cashier
user13222	like_activity	watching television
user13222	attend_school	university
user13222	like_music	death metal
user13222	live_in_general	a home
user13223	has_hobby	fashion
user13223	live_in_general	apartment
user13223	has_profession	barista
user13223	favorite_book	the bible
user13224	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user13224	employed_by_general	grocery store
user13224	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user13224	other	help with bookeeping
user13224	like_food	food with no animal product
user13225	want	pet
user13225	misc_attribute	shallow
user13225	like_activity	eavesdroping
user13225	own	money
user13226	gender	female
user13226	live_in_general	rural area
user13226	have_chidren	children
user13227	want_job	author
user13227	dislike	career
user13227	has_profession	translator
user13227	job_status	unemployed
user13227	has_hobby	writing
user13228	want_job	casino manager
user13228	have_chidren	3 children
user13228	has_ability	card countin
user13228	has_degree	statistics
user13229	has_profession	<blank>
user13229	like_activity	watching sunsets
user13229	like_watching	sun rise
user13229	job_status	unemployed
user13229	want_do	exercise
user13230	place_origin	austin
user13230	like_activity	cooking
user13230	want_do	photography
user13230	misc_attribute	upset
user13231	like_general	lumberjacking
user13231	like_food	pancakes
user13231	has_hobby	fishing
user13231	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user13232	favorite_food	hamburger
user13232	has_profession	mechanic
user13232	like_activity	fishing
user13232	has_hobby	watching television
user13232	live_in_general	alone
user13233	has_profession	artist
user13233	has_ability	speak language
user13233	has_hobby	hiking
user13233	want_do	move
user13233	have_pet	2 dog
user13234	has_hobby	singing
user13234	like_activity	crocheting
user13234	has_profession	teacher
user13234	other	am allergic to apples
user13234	has_profession	coach
user13235	like_activity	swimming
user13235	other	epileptic
user13235	have_chidren	1 son
user13235	like_read	<blank>
user13236	has_hobby	watching movies
user13236	other	ketogenic
user13236	have_pet	2 dog
user13237	like_general	lets plays
user13237	favorite_animal	dolphins
user13237	like_watching	youtube
user13238	other	allergic to lactose
user13238	dislike	regular expressions
user13238	other	six months to live
user13239	like_watching	netflix
user13239	favorite_food	italian
user13239	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user13240	have_family	0 mother
user13240	like_general	model building
user13240	place_origin	england
user13240	like_goto	comedy clubs
user13240	like_activity	camping
user13241	have_chidren	3 children
user13241	has_degree	statistics
user13241	has_ability	card countin
user13241	want_job	casino manager
user13242	other	mother
user13242	like_activity	eating
user13242	physical_attribute	attractive
user13242	want	attractive
user13242	physical_attribute	overweight
user13243	favorite	hamilton
user13243	has_profession	accountant
user13243	like_general	red
user13243	has_hobby	tennis
user13243	favorite_food	hamburger
user13244	misc_attribute	colorful
user13244	has_profession	accountant
user13244	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user13245	has_ability	play instrument
user13245	has_hobby	swimming
user13245	like_goto	concerts
user13245	like_general	blue
user13246	have_pet	dog
user13246	place_origin	tennessee
user13246	marital_status	married
user13246	has_hobby	fishing
user13247	school_status	major in business administration
user13247	attend_school	university
user13247	have_family	partner
user13248	place_origin	beach
user13248	has_hobby	cooking
user13248	like_food	pizza
user13248	like_animal	dog
user13249	physical_attribute	short
user13249	like_watching	stars
user13249	want	porsche
user13249	has_hobby	pet
user13249	school_status	student
user13250	physical_attribute	short
user13250	misc_attribute	smart
user13250	physical_attribute	round
user13250	like_activity	reading
user13250	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user13251	favorite	subject was science
user13251	favorite_food	pizza
user13251	marital_status	single
user13251	favorite_hobby	reading
user13252	like_sports	basketball
user13252	have_family	grandfather
user13252	have_pet	cat
user13252	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user13253	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user13253	have_pet	1 lizard
user13253	<blank>	plants
user13254	like_activity	cooking
user13254	have_pet	reptile
user13254	<blank>	<blank>
user13254	like_activity	walking
user13255	favorite_season	summer
user13255	like_activity	fishing
user13255	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user13255	like_music	classic
user13256	like_activity	surfing
user13256	has_profession	at bar
user13256	has_ability	play instrument
user13256	like_music	country
user13256	has_ability	cook
user13257	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user13257	favorite_animal	panda
user13257	like_food	egg
user13257	has_profession	zoologist
user13258	like_activity	running
user13258	physical_attribute	buff
user13258	has_age	9
user13258	physical_attribute	tall
user13258	dislike	vegetables
user13259	have	medical bills
user13259	other	familiarity with hospitals and doctors
user13259	physical_attribute	slow
user13259	other	0 chewing food
user13260	like_activity	working out
user13260	misc_attribute	friendly
user13260	misc_attribute	mean
user13260	like_general	makeup
user13260	have	nice smile
user13261	like_activity	gambling
user13261	like_activity	hiking
user13261	has_ability	1 speak language
user13261	like_activity	talking on the phone
user13261	like_food	vegetables
user13262	previous_profession	actress
user13262	like_animal	all animals
user13262	favorite_music	country
user13262	other	vegan
user13263	like_music	death metal
user13263	live_in_general	a home
user13263	attend_school	university
user13263	like_activity	watching television
user13264	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user13264	have	0 traveled.
user13264	like_food	ice cream
user13265	has_hobby	reading
user13265	has_hobby	bird watching
user13265	like_food	hot dog
user13265	favorite_drink	pepsi
user13265	has_profession	librarian
user13266	other	traveling to japan
user13266	has_profession	programmer
user13266	have	home
user13266	has_ability	3 speak language
user13267	own	1 house
user13267	has_profession	nurse
user13267	has_ability	play instrument
user13267	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user13267	marital_status	single
user13268	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user13268	has_ability	ski racer
user13268	has_hobby	skiing
user13268	has_hobby	skiing
user13269	misc_attribute	old soul
user13269	misc_attribute	unstable
user13269	misc_attribute	passionate
user13269	want	voice
user13270	like_activity	singing
user13270	misc_attribute	shy
user13270	other	was accepted to participate
user13270	has_hobby	singing
user13270	has_ability	unclear
user13271	favorite	actress
user13271	like_activity	standing in the rain
user13271	want	faster computer
user13271	dislike	summer
user13272	has_hobby	traveling
user13272	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user13272	has_age	43
user13272	has_profession	truck driver
user13272	physical_attribute	tattooed
user13273	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user13273	have_sibling	brother
user13273	like_food	popcorn
user13273	has_hobby	snowboarding
user13273	has_hobby	horseback riding
user13274	has_hobby	drawing
user13274	want_do	give up
user13274	like_general	comics
user13275	like_activity	reading
user13275	like_animal	animals
user13275	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user13275	like_food	chicken
user13275	employed_by_general	hotel
user13276	job_status	employed
user13276	want_job	doctor
user13276	job_status	employed
user13277	has_profession	pharmacist
user13277	has_hobby	quilting
user13277	have_chidren	grandchildren
user13277	misc_attribute	wild
user13277	like_music	classical
user13278	like_activity	hunting
user13278	has_profession	baker
user13278	have	a few friends
user13278	like_activity	sewing
user13278	like_general	katy perry
user13279	school_status	student
user13279	like_activity	singing
user13279	has_profession	coffee shop
user13279	have_pet	cat
user13279	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user13280	dislike	evil
user13280	misc_attribute	weak
user13280	misc_attribute	religious
user13280	misc_attribute	religious
user13281	want_do	vacation
user13281	marital_status	married
user13281	has_profession	semi trucks
user13282	live_in_general	apartment
user13282	has_profession	barista
user13282	has_hobby	fashion
user13282	favorite_book	the bible
user13283	have_sibling	6 brother
user13283	has_profession	aquarium builder
user13283	have_family	brother-in-law
user13284	like_general	religion
user13284	have	personal trainer
user13284	teach	kids
user13284	have_pet	3 dog
user13284	like_sports	bicycling
user13285	own	black car
user13285	favorite_food	steak
user13285	like_food	meat
user13285	like_music	rap
user13286	favorite_food	onion
user13286	physical_attribute	curly
user13286	misc_attribute	independent
user13286	like_general	crystals
user13287	misc_attribute	lonely
user13287	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user13287	own	hair
user13287	school_status	student
user13288	have_chidren	grandchildren
user13288	has_profession	pharmacist
user13288	like_music	classical
user13288	has_hobby	quilting
user13288	misc_attribute	wild
user13289	have_pet	cat
user13289	has_profession	barista
user13289	other	vegan
user13289	favorite	rose
user13290	have_pet	1 dog
user13290	has_ability	play instrument
user13290	has_ability	play instrument
user13291	like_activity	swimming
user13291	have_pet	cat
user13291	like_drink	coffee
user13291	own	rose garden
user13292	has_ability	writing a novel
user13292	own	iphone
user13292	favorite_show	rick and morty
user13292	favorite_color	black
user13292	dislike	pickle
user13293	favorite_food	carrots
user13293	has_age	71
user13293	like_activity	gardening
user13293	like_food	vegetables
user13294	like_music	metallica
user13294	have_pet	cat
user13294	favorite_food	chicken
user13294	like_goto	gym
user13294	like_read	autobiographies
user13295	want_job	teacher
user13295	like_animal	dog
user13295	like_music	indie
user13295	dislike	some foods
user13295	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user13296	has_profession	nurse
user13296	employed_by_general	hospital
user13296	marital_status	divorced
user13296	like_read	<blank>
user13297	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user13297	has_profession	nurse
user13297	other	vegan
user13297	have	2 smartphones
user13297	like_read	<blank>
user13298	misc_attribute	practical
user13298	dislike	bread
user13299	physical_attribute	purple hair
user13299	have_pet	2 reptile
user13299	like_general	red
user13299	like_movie	gone with the wind
user13300	misc_attribute	funny
user13300	have	sausage fingers
user13300	physical_attribute	full
user13300	favorite_drink	sprite
user13300	has_ability	draw
user13301	have	crush
user13301	like_activity	rpg computer games
user13301	own	inhaler
user13301	has_hobby	tabletop games
user13302	like_music	one direction
user13302	favorite_food	spaghetti
user13302	want_job	athlete
user13302	attend_school	elementary school
user13303	have	boots
user13303	favorite_season	spring
user13303	like_activity	fishing
user13303	dislike	losing
user13304	attend_school	university
user13304	has_ability	sorting books
user13304	want_job	journalist
user13304	like_read	fantasy
user13305	like_read	fantasy
user13305	attend_school	university
user13305	want_job	journalist
user13305	has_ability	sorting books
user13306	like_activity	driving
user13306	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user13306	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user13306	have_family	children
user13306	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user13307	dislike	afraid of the dark
user13307	has_profession	design video games
user13307	dislike	broccoli
user13308	like_activity	running
user13308	favorite_activity	cooking
user13308	other	can sim very quickly
user13308	like_activity	singing
user13308	own	trophies
user13309	have	laugh
user13309	marital_status	single
user13309	like_activity	cooking
user13309	employed_by_general	publishing building
user13309	gender	female
user13310	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user13310	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user13310	other	premature
user13310	have_sibling	1 sister
user13311	dislike	future
user13311	have	6 siblings
user13311	have_family	mother
user13312	like_general	dolls
user13312	misc_attribute	romantic
user13312	like_general	antiques
user13312	like_general	things
user13312	like_music	jazz
user13313	like_music	bruno mars
user13313	attend_school	high school
user13313	has_hobby	cs and ds
user13313	like_food	sweets
user13313	like_activity	sleeping
user13314	has_age	17
user13314	school_status	student
user13314	misc_attribute	sheltered
user13314	school_status	student
user13314	want_do	raise hell
user13315	like_music	the rolling stones
user13315	have	1 job
user13315	dislike	caffeine
user13316	like_activity	darts
user13316	like_music	classic rock
user13316	like_activity	fixing
user13316	employed_by_general	large company
user13316	like_drink	beer
user13317	like_food	snack
user13317	like_activity	traveling
user13317	favorite_music	country
user13317	physical_attribute	brunette
user13318	like_general	remodelling homes
user13318	like_activity	hunting
user13318	favorite	halloween
user13318	like_sports	archery
user13319	like_activity	video games
user13319	nationality	canada
user13319	have_pet	2 cat
user13320	misc_attribute	friendly
user13320	favorite_food	italian
user13320	like_activity	driving
user13320	have	10 piercings
user13321	like_goto	national parks
user13321	has_profession	nurse
user13321	have	husband
user13321	has_ability	play instrument
user13321	marital_status	married
user13322	school_status	student
user13322	like_goto	beach
user13322	employed_by_general	restaurant
user13322	like_activity	partying
user13323	want_job	army
user13323	employed_by_company	army rangers
user13323	marital_status	married
user13323	like_general	deployment
user13323	misc_attribute	brave
user13324	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user13324	like_food	spicy
user13324	like_sports	swimming
user13324	have_family	only child
user13325	has_profession	writer
user13325	has_hobby	puzzles
user13325	like_music	country
user13325	has_profession	teacher
user13326	want	money
user13326	misc_attribute	smart
user13326	have_pet	dog
user13327	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13327	like_general	silver
user13327	school_status	student
user13327	have	1 rose tattoo
user13327	have	tattoos
user13328	has_profession	waitress
user13328	have_sibling	5 sibling
user13328	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user13328	has_hobby	biking
user13328	like_activity	drawing
user13329	like_drink	chocolate
user13329	have	allergy
user13329	own	iphone 7
user13330	have_vehicle	van
user13330	physical_attribute	red hair
user13330	like_activity	recycling
user13330	have	2 tattoos
user13330	other	hippie
user13331	school_status	student
user13331	like_food	cookies
user13331	like_activity	painting
user13331	like_food	ice cream
user13332	like_food	beans
user13332	like_activity	collecting rocks
user13332	like_general	huge paintings.
user13332	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user13333	dislike	traveling
user13333	like_activity	hiking
user13333	misc_attribute	confused
user13333	has_profession	banker
user13333	favorite	iphone
user13334	misc_attribute	aloof
user13334	dislike	waking up
user13335	have	few friends
user13335	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user13335	like_goto	park
user13335	has_hobby	reading
user13336	<blank>	<blank>
user13336	own	red lipstick
user13336	like_general	red shoes
user13336	have_vehicle	car
user13336	have	red purse
user13337	like_activity	fishing
user13337	misc_attribute	simple
user13337	has_hobby	drink beers
user13337	like_activity	fishing
user13338	like_general	my image
user13338	want	to go to another school
user13338	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user13338	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user13339	dislike	cleaning
user13339	physical_attribute	brunette
user13339	have_chidren	2 children
user13340	misc_attribute	confused
user13340	like_activity	hiking
user13340	has_profession	banker
user13340	favorite	iphone
user13340	dislike	traveling
user13341	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13341	like_drink	iced tea
user13341	want	mermaid
user13342	school_status	graduated
user13342	has_age	22
user13342	job_status	employed
user13342	job_status	employed
user13342	like_general	children
user13343	like_activity	laughing
user13343	like_activity	baking
user13343	like_general	shoes
user13344	marital_status	widow
user13344	like_activity	photography
user13344	want_do	photography
user13344	like_music	adam levine
user13344	want_job	photographer
user13345	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user13345	have_chidren	3 children
user13345	has_ability	card countin
user13345	has_degree	statistics
user13346	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user13346	has_hobby	cloud watching
user13346	misc_attribute	shy
user13346	favorite	costco
user13347	has_profession	veterinarian
user13347	like_activity	reading
user13347	favorite_movie	horror
user13347	favorite_book	stephen king
user13347	other	christian
user13348	like_activity	programming
user13348	school_status	student
user13348	want_job	company owner
user13348	misc_attribute	night owl
user13349	like_drink	expensive wine
user13349	have_pet	dog
user13349	other	lost jewelry
user13349	job_status	unemployed
user13349	like_activity	getting nails done
user13350	like_food	food with no animal product
user13350	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user13350	other	help with bookeeping
user13350	employed_by_general	grocery store
user13351	place_origin	upstate
user13351	attend_school	university
user13351	employed_by_general	bank
user13351	live_in_general	city
user13352	like_activity	fixing
user13352	like_drink	beer
user13352	employed_by_general	large company
user13352	like_music	classic rock
user13352	like_activity	darts
user13353	have_pet	dog
user13353	like_drink	milk shakes
user13353	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user13353	favorite	holiday is halloween
user13354	misc_attribute	lazy
user13354	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13354	like_activity	sleeping
user13354	employed_by_general	factory
user13354	misc_attribute	antisocial
user13355	favorite_color	orange
user13355	has_profession	musician
user13355	dislike	make up
user13355	physical_attribute	long nails
user13355	have_vehicle	moped
user13356	job_status	unemployed
user13356	not_have	money
user13356	favorite_color	yellow
user13356	like_activity	riding the bus
user13356	has_profession	babysitter
user13357	has_ability	cook
user13357	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user13357	misc_attribute	intelligent
user13357	has_ability	perfect pitch
user13358	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user13358	want_do	video games
user13358	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user13358	like_activity	staying up late
user13359	has_hobby	football
user13359	like_goto	league
user13359	member_of	sports team
user13359	misc_attribute	determined
user13360	has_ability	speak language
user13360	has_ability	dance and sing
user13360	want_job	actor
user13360	live_in_general	los angeles
user13361	job_status	employed
user13361	other	<blank>
user13361	has_hobby	hiking
user13361	have_sibling	3 sibling
user13362	like_sports	badminton
user13362	dislike	basketball
user13362	misc_attribute	helpful
user13363	like_animal	fish
user13363	have_chidren	4 daughter
user13363	has_profession	driver
user13363	like_activity	board games
user13364	have_pet	2 dog
user13364	like_animal	dog
user13364	have_pet	2 dog
user13365	want_do	travel
user13365	have_pet	2 dog
user13365	favorite_color	red
user13365	other	wild child
user13366	dislike	over eating
user13366	job_status	unemployed
user13366	have_pet	1 dog
user13366	dislike	paying bills
user13366	misc_attribute	dull
user13367	like_activity	singing
user13367	have_chidren	3 children
user13367	has_profession	truck driver
user13367	like_food	wings
user13368	physical_attribute	going bald
user13368	has_ability	play instrument
user13368	dislike	flowers
user13368	has_ability	making clothing
user13368	like_general	jimmy fallon
user13369	own	salon
user13369	live_in_general	boat
user13369	marital_status	married
user13369	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user13370	school_status	student
user13370	like_activity	drawing
user13370	other	vegan
user13370	place_origin	france
user13371	physical_attribute	deaf
user13371	favorite_place	mall
user13371	marital_status	single
user13371	like_sports	tennis
user13371	have_pet	dog
user13372	like_watching	sport
user13372	dislike	running
user13372	have_chidren	child
user13372	have_pet	2 cat
user13372	favorite_color	orange
user13373	employed_by_general	gas station
user13373	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user13373	like_goto	grocery store
user13373	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user13374	like_food	spicy
user13374	have_family	only child
user13374	like_sports	swimming
user13374	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user13375	has_age	15
user13375	school_status	student
user13375	want_job	veterinarian
user13375	like_animal	dog
user13375	like_sports	field hockey
user13376	has_profession	sales
user13376	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user13376	misc_attribute	<blank>
user13376	misc_attribute	make things right
user13377	has_degree	creative writing
user13377	favorite_place	jamaica
user13377	like_activity	reading
user13377	have_sibling	3 sister
user13378	other	vegan
user13378	like_general	my job
user13378	favorite_music	country
user13378	previous_profession	actress
user13379	like_activity	cosplay
user13379	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user13379	like_activity	watching television
user13379	favorite_show	game of thrones
user13379	job_status	employed
user13380	has_profession	party planning
user13380	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user13381	misc_attribute	scared
user13381	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13381	have_vehicle	honda
user13381	school_status	student
user13382	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user13382	have_pet	cat
user13382	favorite	rose
user13382	has_age	21
user13382	school_status	student
user13383	school_status	dropped out
user13383	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user13383	misc_attribute	emotional
user13383	misc_attribute	romantic
user13384	other	parents are teachers
user13384	have	3 roomates
user13384	have	eyebrow piercing
user13384	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user13384	have_sibling	sister
user13385	dislike	dad
user13385	like_activity	fashion
user13385	have	"drivers license"
user13386	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user13386	like_general	colors
user13386	has_profession	mortician
user13386	want_do	pilot
user13387	like_activity	hiking
user13387	like_sports	volley ball
user13387	like_activity	doing nails
user13387	like_food	pickled eggs
user13388	other	carnivore
user13388	have	welfare
user13388	favorite_music_artist	creed
user13388	like_sports	running
user13389	has_profession	waiter
user13389	has_ability	donor
user13389	has_hobby	jogging
user13389	have	boyfriend
user13390	like_activity	walking
user13390	have	bakery
user13390	misc_attribute	funny
user13390	have_chidren	1 son
user13391	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user13391	like_food	spaghetti
user13391	favorite_activity	reading
user13391	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user13392	like_general	summer
user13392	like_food	mexican cuisine
user13392	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user13392	have_chidren	2 children
user13393	dislike	sleeping
user13393	like_activity	travel alone
user13393	favorite_food	steak
user13393	have	0 parents
user13394	have	photo
user13394	have_sibling	sister
user13394	like_music	justin bieber
user13394	own	5 pairs of same pants
user13394	dislike	waiting in line
user13395	misc_attribute	vain
user13395	like_activity	cooking
user13395	like_activity	drawing
user13395	physical_attribute	curly hair
user13396	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user13396	like_music	linkin park
user13396	other	was diagnosed with autism
user13396	school_status	graduated
user13396	misc_attribute	quiet
user13397	like_activity	painting
user13397	physical_attribute	blonde
user13397	want_do	painting
user13398	want_do	texting
user13398	favorite_activity	computer time
user13398	like_sports	hockey
user13399	have_pet	dog
user13399	like_general	red
user13399	physical_attribute	short
user13399	other	relative
user13400	favorite_activity	outdoors
user13400	has_ability	3 speak language
user13400	like_sports	cycling
user13401	like_food	italian
user13401	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13401	like_goto	italy
user13401	has_hobby	yoga
user13402	has_profession	surgeon
user13402	have_chidren	1 daughter
user13402	school_status	graduated
user13403	like_activity	reading
user13403	like_music	the lumineers
user13403	misc_attribute	happy
user13403	has_ability	sing many songs
user13404	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user13404	want_job	animator
user13404	like_music	classical
user13404	has_profession	graphic design
user13405	like_activity	shopping
user13405	have_pet	cat
user13405	favorite_hobby	knitting
user13405	employed_by_general	office
user13405	have	2 tattoos
user13406	like_activity	painting
user13406	like_food	cookies
user13406	like_food	pasta
user13406	school_status	student
user13406	like_food	ice cream
user13407	has_ability	speak language
user13407	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user13407	has_profession	barista
user13407	like_activity	hiking
user13408	favorite_hobby	reading
user13408	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13408	has_ability	digital art
user13409	job_status	unemployed
user13409	has_profession	babysitter
user13409	favorite_color	yellow
user13409	like_activity	riding the bus
user13410	like_activity	painting
user13410	like_food	meat
user13410	has_profession	car salesman
user13411	have_pet	<blank>
user13411	employed_by_general	home
user13411	like_activity	social media
user13411	live_in_general	bed
user13411	like_activity	video games
user13412	has_profession	teacher
user13412	like_activity	shopping
user13413	like_animal	panda
user13413	like_sports	surfing
user13413	other	vegetarian
user13413	want_do	open a business
user13414	has_hobby	larp
user13414	have_family	father
user13414	has_profession	general
user13414	has_ability	to move out
user13414	has_age	32
user13415	have_sibling	sister
user13415	have_vehicle	mercedes
user13415	like_food	1 sugar
user13415	marital_status	engaged
user13416	has_hobby	tap dancing
user13416	has_hobby	baking
user13416	favorite_book	david copperfield
user13416	have_sibling	twin brother
user13417	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user13417	like_general	money
user13417	physical_attribute	blonde
user13417	other	feet smell
user13418	have	cell phone
user13418	member_of	hobby club
user13418	other	cat person
user13418	like_drink	alcohol
user13419	like_activity	cycling
user13419	has_profession	salesman
user13419	like_general	blue
user13419	like_general	reduit
user13420	employed_by_company	computer company
user13420	have_chidren	5 children
user13420	like_animal	fish
user13420	school_status	student
user13421	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user13421	like_activity	video games
user13421	like_general	exclamation marks
user13421	misc_attribute	family attention
user13422	has_age	25
user13422	have	name
user13422	attend_school	university
user13422	have_vehicle	ford
user13423	employed_by_company	grocery store
user13423	have	garden
user13423	like_activity	baking
user13423	has_hobby	sewing
user13424	has_age	71
user13424	like_activity	gardening
user13424	like_food	vegetables
user13425	like_drink	water with protein powder
user13425	like_watching	mma
user13425	own	bowie knife
user13425	school_status	student
user13426	like_animal	dog
user13426	have	tattoos
user13426	like_activity	drinking
user13426	has_profession	photographer
user13426	have_pet	dog
user13427	has_ability	sleeping
user13427	want_job	dentist
user13427	like_sports	sports
user13427	favorite	raptors
user13428	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user13428	has_profession	cashier
user13428	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user13429	like_watching	game of thrones
user13429	like_activity	walking
user13429	have_chidren	4 children
user13429	has_profession	artist
user13429	have_pet	cat
user13430	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user13430	want_do	make more money
user13430	has_hobby	writing
user13430	want	i did not have to work
user13430	like_general	pens
user13431	attend_school	university
user13431	like_animal	fish
user13431	employed_by_general	deli
user13431	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user13432	previous_profession	actress
user13432	like_animal	all animals
user13432	like_general	my job
user13432	favorite_music	country
user13432	other	vegan
user13433	have	allergy
user13433	own	iphone 7
user13433	like_drink	chocolate
user13434	place_origin	england
user13434	have_family	0 mother
user13434	like_general	model building
user13434	like_activity	camping
user13434	like_goto	comedy clubs
user13435	has_ability	play instrument
user13435	like_movie	john grisham
user13435	dislike	wearing pants
user13436	dislike	losing
user13436	favorite_season	spring
user13436	have	boots
user13436	like_activity	fishing
user13437	job_status	unemployed
user13437	attend_school	university
user13437	want_do	botox
user13438	previous_profession	marine
user13438	other	vegetarian
user13438	has_hobby	reading
user13438	like_activity	writing
user13439	want_do	change the world
user13439	employed_by_general	factory
user13439	has_hobby	volunteer
user13439	misc_attribute	punctual
user13439	like_general	jokes
user13440	like_sports	hockey
user13440	has_hobby	travel
user13440	have_family	mother
user13440	attend_school	high school
user13441	marital_status	single
user13441	like_activity	painting
user13441	favorite_season	spring
user13441	like_activity	walks on the beach
user13442	like_food	sweets
user13442	has_hobby	cs and ds
user13442	like_music	bruno mars
user13442	attend_school	high school
user13442	like_activity	sleeping
user13443	like_activity	baking
user13443	employed_by_company	grocery store
user13443	like_activity	swimming
user13443	have	garden
user13443	has_hobby	sewing
user13444	marital_status	single
user13444	has_hobby	cycling
user13444	has_profession	waiter
user13445	physical_attribute	short
user13445	have	problems
user13445	like_animal	animals
user13445	physical_attribute	glasses
user13446	like_activity	dance
user13446	like_food	mexican cuisine
user13446	place_origin	new hampshire
user13446	like_read	history
user13446	has_profession	teacher
user13447	like_music	bob marley
user13447	misc_attribute	lose control
user13447	dislike	boss
user13447	has_profession	manager
user13448	like_food	meat
user13448	other	vegetarian
user13448	like_food	pork
user13449	has_ability	film making
user13449	has_hobby	travel
user13449	has_ability	6 tv news
user13449	like_activity	reenactment
user13450	misc_attribute	shallow
user13450	want	pet
user13450	like_activity	eavesdroping
user13450	own	money
user13451	favorite_music	metal
user13451	like_activity	watching television
user13451	other	3 allergies
user13451	has_profession	commercials
user13452	like_general	summer
user13452	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user13452	have_chidren	2 children
user13452	like_food	mexican cuisine
user13453	want_job	photographer
user13453	marital_status	widow
user13453	like_music	adam levine
user13453	want_do	photography
user13453	like_activity	photography
user13454	misc_attribute	sociable
user13454	has_hobby	band
user13454	has_ability	play instrument
user13454	want_job	director
user13455	like_sports	hockey
user13455	like_activity	dance
user13455	physical_attribute	tall
user13455	like_activity	running
user13455	physical_attribute	asthma
user13456	like_watching	conor mcgregor
user13456	like_activity	travel
user13456	employed_by_general	factory
user13456	like_food	cheese
user13456	like_watching	ufc fights
user13457	has_profession	artist
user13457	like_activity	walking
user13457	have_chidren	4 children
user13457	like_watching	game of thrones
user13457	have_pet	cat
user13458	place_origin	texas
user13458	like_activity	baking
user13458	favorite	rose
user13459	physical_attribute	long hair
user13459	like_activity	video games
user13459	have_family	mother
user13460	<blank>	seeking employment
user13460	like_watching	horror
user13460	has_ability	play instrument
user13460	have_family	grandmother
user13460	favorite_color	red orange
user13461	misc_attribute	confused
user13461	favorite	iphone
user13461	like_activity	hiking
user13461	has_profession	banker
user13461	dislike	traveling
user13462	want	help
user13462	misc_attribute	depressed
user13462	other	am bisexual
user13462	job_status	unemployed
user13463	has_age	43
user13463	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user13463	has_profession	truck driver
user13463	has_hobby	traveling
user13464	live_in_general	mansion
user13464	other	make 35 million a year
user13464	has_profession	basketball player
user13464	attend_school	university
user13465	physical_attribute	7"
user13465	like_goto	movie theater
user13465	have_pet	dog
user13465	employed_by_company	target
user13466	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user13466	own	cds
user13466	like_general	furniture
user13466	has_ability	play instrument
user13467	like_activity	art projects
user13467	gender	female
user13467	like_activity	traveling
user13467	marital_status	married
user13468	like_food	pretzels
user13468	employed_by_general	railroad
user13468	other	omnivore
user13468	like_watching	science fiction
user13469	like_activity	video games
user13469	like_read	books
user13469	like_drink	liquor
user13469	employed_by_general	marketing
user13469	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashed
user13470	has_hobby	tabletop games
user13470	have	crush
user13470	live_in_general	a home
user13470	own	inhaler
user13471	school_status	student
user13471	attend_school	university
user13471	like_goto	beach
user13471	employed_by_general	restaurant
user13472	have	obsession with dog
user13472	like_goto	beach
user13472	attend_school	graduate school
user13472	have_family	niece
user13473	misc_attribute	religious
user13473	has_profession	salesman
user13473	misc_attribute	carefree
user13473	has_age	53
user13474	want	mom was healthier
user13474	want	to go to another school
user13474	like_general	my image
user13474	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user13474	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user13475	like_animal	dog
user13475	previous_profession	pilot
user13475	place_origin	nevada
user13475	other	orphan
user13476	has_ability	play instrument
user13476	want_job	software engineer
user13476	other	name is kevin
user13476	like_activity	working out
user13477	want_job	smithsonian
user13477	misc_attribute	risky
user13477	dislike	winter
user13477	favorite_show	csi
user13478	like_music	muggers
user13478	like_activity	surfing
user13478	marital_status	single
user13478	has_ability	earn passive income
user13479	own	car
user13479	gender	female
user13479	like_animal	dog
user13479	like_general	blue
user13479	like_food	sushi
user13480	want	procedures
user13480	like_general	her
user13480	want	happy
user13481	like_sports	football
user13481	like_movie	action
user13481	have_vehicle	ford
user13481	attend_school	university
user13482	have_pet	2 dog
user13482	has_ability	play instrument
user13482	have_chidren	4 daughter
user13483	school_status	graduated
user13483	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user13483	other	was diagnosed with autism
user13483	misc_attribute	quiet
user13483	like_music	linkin park
user13484	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user13484	like_food	shrimp
user13484	has_hobby	gambling
user13484	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user13485	like_general	blue
user13485	have_pet	5 cat
user13486	school_status	student
user13486	other	vegan
user13486	like_animal	animals
user13486	like_read	<blank>
user13486	like_music	country
user13487	like_food	sugar
user13487	like_activity	rollerblading
user13487	want_do	eating
user13487	other	am caucasian
user13488	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13488	like_goto	italy
user13488	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user13488	like_food	italian cuisine
user13489	job_status	retired
user13489	has_hobby	working out
user13489	physical_attribute	attractive
user13489	own	wear glasses
user13490	physical_attribute	short hair
user13490	member_of	community center
user13490	like_watching	horror
user13490	has_ability	play instrument
user13490	other	allergies
user13491	like_activity	painting
user13491	like_goto	wine tours
user13491	like_goto	museum
user13491	have_chidren	2 son
user13492	physical_attribute	buff
user13492	dislike	vegetables
user13492	physical_attribute	tall
user13492	has_age	9
user13493	has_profession	yoga instruction
user13493	marital_status	married
user13493	like_general	color: pink
user13493	misc_attribute	distant
user13494	have	therapist
user13494	like_goto	nail salon
user13494	like_goto	cafe
user13494	employed_by_general	lawyer
user13495	has_profession	author
user13495	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user13495	like_watching	youtube
user13495	physical_attribute	brunette
user13496	dislike	feeling controlled
user13496	misc_attribute	regretful
user13496	misc_attribute	critic
user13496	dislike	<blank>
user13497	employed_by_company	online
user13497	like_music	the story so far
user13497	like_food	meat
user13497	like_goto	festivals
user13498	like_general	rain
user13498	dislike	rising early
user13498	like_activity	photography
user13498	like_general	candles
user13498	like_activity	spending money
user13499	have	never
user13499	like_activity	shopping
user13499	gender	female
user13499	want_do	go to europe
user13499	like_activity	dancing
user13500	job_status	employed
user13500	like_music	the rolling stones
user13500	like_activity	guitar
user13500	dislike	caffeine
user13501	own	wear contacts
user13501	like_drink	whiskey
user13501	misc_attribute	intelligent
user13501	like_general	place
user13502	has_profession	yoga instruction
user13502	want_do	travel
user13502	like_watching	western
user13503	other	partially blind
user13503	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user13503	like_activity	sewing
user13503	has_hobby	volunteering
user13504	dislike	left turns
user13504	school_status	failing
user13504	job_status	employed
user13504	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13504	have_vehicle	honda
user13505	job_status	employed
user13505	have_chidren	2 children
user13505	dislike	cleaning
user13505	physical_attribute	brunette
user13506	have_pet	cat
user13506	like_activity	cooking
user13506	want_do	traveling
user13507	has_profession	waitress
user13507	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user13507	like_activity	drawing
user13507	have_sibling	5 sibling
user13508	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user13508	favorite	raptors
user13508	has_ability	sleeping
user13508	like_sports	sports
user13508	want_job	dentist
user13509	like_read	<blank>
user13509	like_goto	beach
user13509	job_status	employed
user13509	other	vegan
user13509	like_music	country
user13510	has_hobby	traveling
user13510	physical_attribute	tattooed
user13510	physical_attribute	hair short and pink
user13510	has_profession	truck driver
user13510	has_age	43
user13511	like_activity	going barefoot
user13511	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user13511	has_profession	tutor
user13511	has_hobby	knitting
user13512	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user13512	like_read	fiction
user13512	favorite_book	science fiction
user13512	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user13513	like_food	brunch
user13513	have_vehicle	car
user13513	has_profession	scout
user13514	like_activity	baking
user13514	has_profession	cartographer
user13514	like_activity	painting
user13515	other	vegan
user13515	has_profession	veterinarian
user13515	has_age	30
user13515	have_pet	3 dog
user13516	has_profession	cashier
user13516	like_general	clothes
user13516	like_food	non-gmo
user13516	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user13516	like_general	cold weather
user13517	employed_by_general	government
user13517	like_sports	sports
user13517	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user13517	like_sports	baseball
user13518	like_music	blues
user13518	other	chinese
user13518	has_ability	2 speak language
user13518	like_general	prince
user13519	have_chidren	daughter
user13519	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user13519	has_profession	retailer
user13519	dislike	the taste of cheese
user13520	like_activity	sleeping
user13520	like_food	sweets
user13520	attend_school	high school
user13520	has_hobby	cs and ds
user13520	like_music	bruno mars
user13521	favorite_color	yellow
user13521	has_profession	wedding planner
user13521	like_music	80 s music
user13521	want_job	architect
user13522	own	black car
user13522	favorite_food	steak
user13522	like_music	rap
user13522	like_food	meat
user13522	has_profession	finance
user13523	misc_attribute	romantic
user13523	misc_attribute	emotional
user13523	school_status	dropped out
user13523	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user13524	other	christian
user13524	like_activity	football
user13524	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13524	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user13525	marital_status	single
user13525	like_food	healthy
user13525	favorite_season	fall
user13525	like_activity	sleeping in
user13525	physical_attribute	brunette
user13526	physical_attribute	have back pain
user13526	want	voice
user13526	misc_attribute	passionate
user13526	misc_attribute	old soul
user13526	misc_attribute	unstable
user13527	favorite	hamilton
user13527	has_hobby	tennis
user13527	favorite_food	hamburger
user13527	like_general	red
user13527	has_profession	accountant
user13528	like_watching	mma
user13528	has_hobby	weight lifting
user13528	like_drink	water with protein powder
user13528	school_status	student
user13528	own	bowie knife
user13529	like_goto	outdoors
user13529	school_status	student
user13529	place_origin	california
user13529	like_general	recycling
user13530	like_sports	running
user13530	favorite_music_artist	creed
user13530	have	welfare
user13531	have_pet	dog
user13531	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user13531	has_degree	bachelors
user13531	has_profession	teacher
user13532	attend_school	high school
user13532	gender	male
user13532	has_hobby	ice hockey
user13532	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user13533	like_music	classical
user13533	favorite	auto
user13533	like_goto	paris
user13533	physical_attribute	6 tall
user13533	like_goto	opera
user13534	has_profession	truck driver
user13534	like_activity	working out
user13534	have_vehicle	camper
user13534	favorite_sport	football
user13534	previous_profession	veteran
user13535	dislike	riding the bus
user13535	like_general	littlest things
user13535	job_status	employed
user13536	<blank>	<blank>
user13536	like_general	leather clothes
user13536	like_general	boots
user13536	like_general	sleeping in
user13536	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user13537	like_music	classical
user13537	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user13537	has_profession	designer
user13537	has_profession	graphic design
user13538	member_of	hobby club
user13538	has_age	adult
user13538	has_hobby	driving
user13538	have	10 tattoos
user13539	have_sibling	3 sibling
user13539	has_hobby	hiking
user13539	other	has not left country
user13539	other	<blank>
user13539	job_status	employed
user13540	own	black car
user13540	own	black purse
user13540	like_music	rock
user13540	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user13540	like_general	wearing black clothing
user13541	like_goto	comic-con
user13541	like_music	techno
user13541	like_general	anime
user13542	has_hobby	painting
user13542	have	won lottery
user13542	has_hobby	painting
user13543	have_vehicle	scooter
user13543	misc_attribute	friendly
user13543	dislike	music
user13543	other	nick
user13544	like_general	smelling my own farts
user13544	like_general	blame
user13544	misc_attribute	generous
user13544	place_origin	san francisco
user13545	job_status	seeking employment
user13545	has_ability	3 speak language
user13545	have_chidren	2 children
user13545	other	colour blind
user13546	like_activity	traveling
user13546	<blank>	<blank>
user13546	has_profession	chef
user13546	has_hobby	photography
user13547	has_ability	play instrument
user13547	want_do	produce music
user13547	school_status	student
user13547	have_sibling	2 brother
user13547	like_goto	library
user13548	other	deaf man
user13548	dislike	driving
user13548	like_activity	reading
user13548	like_general	scratching
user13548	favorite	number is 7
user13549	like_general	blue
user13549	gender	transfemale
user13549	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user13549	like_food	pizza
user13550	like_food	all
user13550	want	win lottery
user13550	like_music	rock
user13550	employed_by_general	large company
user13551	like_general	scratching
user13551	favorite	number is 7
user13551	dislike	driving
user13551	other	deaf man
user13552	like_food	ice cream
user13552	like_activity	painting
user13552	like_food	pasta
user13552	like_food	cookies
user13552	school_status	student
user13553	like_activity	card game
user13553	have_pet	4 pet
user13553	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user13553	favorite_food	jello
user13554	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user13554	have_pet	2 cat
user13554	like_food	strawberry
user13554	like_goto	beach
user13554	like_food	food with no animal product
user13555	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user13555	has_profession	teacher
user13555	has_degree	bachelors
user13555	like_music	pretenders
user13555	have_pet	dog
user13556	want	be millionaire
user13556	like_watching	sport
user13556	has_hobby	yoga
user13556	other	vegan
user13556	like_sports	hockey
user13557	has_hobby	reading
user13557	like_activity	writing
user13557	has_profession	bartender
user13557	previous_profession	marine
user13558	have_chidren	1 son
user13558	like_animal	animals
user13558	has_hobby	walking
user13558	other	vegan
user13559	have_sibling	8 children
user13559	like_food	mcdonalds
user13559	want	love
user13559	has_profession	retailer
user13559	have	friends
user13560	employed_by_general	movie theater
user13560	like_food	nachos
user13560	has_hobby	filmng
user13560	dislike	popcorn
user13561	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user13561	has_degree	bachelors
user13561	have_pet	dog
user13561	has_profession	teacher
user13561	like_music	pretenders
user13562	has_age	10
user13562	have	friends
user13562	like_animal	dogs and cats
user13562	live_in_general	house
user13563	have	few friends
user13563	has_hobby	reading
user13563	like_goto	park
user13563	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user13563	employed_by_general	museum
user13564	have_sibling	1 sister
user13564	place_origin	san francisco
user13564	like_activity	travel
user13564	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user13565	want_job	musician
user13565	school_status	student
user13566	other	tall family.
user13566	like_activity	running
user13566	physical_attribute	6 tall
user13566	like_activity	dancing
user13566	like_goto	school
user13567	other	sexual identity
user13567	misc_attribute	out of touch
user13567	gender	different
user13567	dislike	rejection from parents
user13568	like_activity	traveling
user13568	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user13568	has_hobby	fashion
user13568	want_job	doctor
user13569	has_profession	photographer
user13569	have_pet	dog
user13569	have	tattoos
user13570	like_food	candy
user13570	gender	male
user13570	physical_attribute	overweight
user13570	like_movie	godfather
user13570	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user13571	has_ability	play instrument
user13571	favorite_color	green
user13571	like_read	history
user13572	like_general	sports cars
user13572	like_sports	swimming
user13572	have	3 best friends
user13572	has_age	14
user13572	favorite_activity	research race cars
user13573	like_music	rap
user13573	own	black car
user13573	favorite_food	steak
user13573	like_food	meat
user13573	has_profession	finance
user13574	like_activity	roleplay
user13574	like_general	cars
user13574	dislike	all
user13575	want	spouse
user13575	physical_attribute	well put together
user13575	has_hobby	working out
user13575	has_profession	marketing
user13576	school_status	student
user13576	has_age	20
user13576	employed_by_general	hospital
user13576	like_food	pasta
user13576	has_hobby	1 reading
user13577	has_hobby	photography
user13577	own	0 television
user13577	live_in_general	mountains
user13577	has_ability	pilot
user13578	like_general	simple jokes
user13578	dislike	jokes
user13578	like_watching	the flintstones
user13579	has_profession	waitress
user13579	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user13579	has_hobby	biking
user13579	have_sibling	5 sibling
user13580	like_food	burrito
user13580	have_family	mother
user13580	like_general	being a guy
user13580	like_movie	shows
user13581	like_activity	cooking
user13581	favorite_color	green
user13581	like_activity	swimming
user13582	live_in_general	sister
user13582	like_activity	clean
user13582	like_read	<blank>
user13582	misc_attribute	afraid
user13582	have_family	uncle
user13583	like_music	backstreet boys
user13583	has_age	under 50
user13583	like_food	cheese
user13583	dislike	driving
user13583	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13584	job_status	employed
user13584	have_vehicle	honda
user13584	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13584	dislike	left turns
user13584	school_status	failing
user13585	has_hobby	band
user13585	misc_attribute	sociable
user13585	has_ability	play instrument
user13586	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user13586	like_food	fruit
user13586	like_activity	travel
user13586	like_activity	snorkeling
user13586	like_general	apple products
user13587	has_hobby	archery
user13587	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13587	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user13587	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user13588	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user13588	has_ability	play instrument
user13588	has_hobby	fishing
user13588	has_hobby	working out
user13589	attend_school	university
user13589	like_activity	shopping
user13589	want_job	nurse
user13590	like_read	history
user13590	has_profession	technician
user13591	like_activity	relieving myself
user13591	have_vehicle	prius
user13591	has_hobby	hiking
user13591	like_general	canadian women
user13592	like_general	blue
user13592	like_activity	cycling
user13592	like_general	reduit
user13592	has_profession	salesman
user13593	have_chidren	2 son
user13593	other	friends.
user13593	has_hobby	basketball
user13593	has_ability	feeling lost
user13593	marital_status	married
user13594	has_hobby	quilting
user13594	has_profession	pharmacist
user13594	misc_attribute	wild
user13594	have_chidren	grandchildren
user13595	like_food	beets
user13595	has_profession	salesman
user13595	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user13595	live_in_general	farm
user13596	has_profession	scout
user13596	like_food	brunch
user13596	not_have	pet
user13596	have_vehicle	car
user13597	like_general	children
user13597	has_age	22
user13597	job_status	employed
user13597	has_degree	education
user13598	misc_attribute	intelligent
user13598	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user13598	has_profession	writer
user13598	has_ability	cook
user13599	like_general	blue
user13599	have_chidren	1 son
user13599	has_hobby	wrestling
user13599	has_age	25
user13599	employed_by_general	military
user13600	have	trouble connecting with family
user13600	other	<blank>
user13600	misc_attribute	shy
user13600	like_food	vegetables
user13601	has_ability	cook
user13601	like_sports	cycling
user13601	has_ability	3 speak language
user13601	favorite_activity	outdoors
user13602	has_hobby	travel
user13602	dislike	green beans
user13602	misc_attribute	religious
user13602	like_watching	games shows
user13602	misc_attribute	unstable
user13603	has_hobby	running
user13603	has_hobby	running
user13603	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13603	favorite_sport	basketball
user13603	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user13604	physical_attribute	short
user13604	other	beard
user13604	have_family	8 brother
user13605	have_family	daughter
user13605	gender	female
user13605	have_chidren	3 daughter
user13605	has_hobby	baking
user13606	like_activity	skin care
user13606	like_general	dress up
user13606	dislike	cooking
user13606	misc_attribute	ambitious
user13607	school_status	graduated
user13607	<blank>	<blank>
user13607	live_in_general	suburbs
user13607	has_profession	teacher
user13608	like_general	blue
user13608	has_ability	play instrument
user13608	has_hobby	swimming
user13608	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user13608	like_goto	concerts
user13609	want	win lottery
user13609	like_food	all
user13609	have_vehicle	car
user13609	like_music	rock
user13610	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user13610	like_read	1984
user13610	school_status	student
user13610	like_read	books
user13610	attend_school	university
user13611	other	can sim very quickly
user13611	like_activity	running
user13611	own	trophies
user13611	favorite_activity	cooking
user13611	like_activity	singing
user13612	job_status	with wife
user13612	has_profession	zoologist
user13612	have	taught
user13613	own	trophies
user13613	like_activity	singing
user13613	has_ability	swim fast
user13613	like_activity	running
user13614	employed_by_general	arena
user13614	favorite_animal	zebra
user13614	want_job	actress
user13614	have	allergy
user13615	other	vegan
user13615	has_hobby	hiking
user13615	has_profession	accountant
user13616	place_origin	mexico
user13616	like_activity	baking
user13616	teach	<blank>
user13616	have_pet	2 cat
user13616	like_activity	walking
user13617	favorite_hobby	reading
user13617	favorite_food	pizza
user13617	favorite	subject was science
user13617	marital_status	single
user13618	has_age	32
user13618	has_hobby	diet
user13618	other	cant drive
user13618	marital_status	married
user13618	marital_status	married
user13619	have_pet	5 cat
user13619	nationality	british
user13619	like_general	blue
user13620	has_hobby	skiing
user13620	like_activity	saving
user13620	like_music	blues
user13620	employed_by_general	bar
user13621	have_chidren	son
user13621	has_profession	finance
user13621	has_ability	play instrument
user13621	school_status	graduated
user13621	want_job	teacher
user13622	want	pot bellied pig
user13622	like_read	anne of green gables
user13622	dislike	beauty pageant
user13622	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user13623	like_food	fish
user13623	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13623	have_pet	dog
user13623	like_activity	racing rc cars
user13623	like_activity	video games
user13624	like_sports	hockey
user13624	have_family	mother
user13624	attend_school	high school
user13624	has_hobby	travel
user13625	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user13625	other	vegan
user13625	has_profession	public relations
user13625	place_origin	seattle
user13625	other	buddhist
user13626	have	tattoo
user13626	like_music	concerts
user13626	other	vegan
user13627	like_activity	reenactment
user13627	has_hobby	travel
user13627	has_ability	6 tv news
user13627	has_ability	film making
user13628	misc_attribute	depressed
user13628	other	am bisexual
user13628	want	help
user13628	job_status	unemployed
user13629	attend_school	university
user13629	want_job	nurse
user13629	live_in_general	small town
user13629	like_activity	shopping
user13630	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user13630	like_sports	sports
user13630	employed_by_general	government
user13630	like_sports	baseball
user13631	own	clothing
user13631	want	eats too much fries
user13631	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user13632	has_hobby	play
user13632	has_ability	play instrument
user13632	want	to adopt a dog
user13632	like_food	indian cuisine
user13633	have	car
user13633	has_profession	scout
user13633	like_food	brunch
user13633	not_have	pet
user13633	have_vehicle	car
user13634	want_job	author
user13634	employed_by_general	bookstore
user13634	like_goto	museum
user13634	has_hobby	writing
user13635	other	nick
user13635	have_vehicle	scooter
user13635	dislike	music
user13635	physical_attribute	red hair
user13635	misc_attribute	friendly
user13636	want	mom was healthier
user13636	want	to go to another school
user13636	like_general	my image
user13636	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user13637	want	house on beach
user13637	like_watching	nascar
user13637	like_music	pop
user13637	like_activity	eating
user13638	favorite	flower is a lily
user13638	has_profession	doctor
user13638	like_animal	dog
user13638	marital_status	single
user13638	like_read	<blank>
user13639	has_age	15
user13639	other	braces
user13639	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user13640	has_ability	cook
user13640	like_music	country
user13640	has_ability	play instrument
user13640	like_activity	surfing
user13640	has_profession	at bar
user13641	like_activity	walking
user13641	have_pet	2 cat
user13641	like_activity	baking
user13641	place_origin	mexico
user13642	has_ability	lucky
user13642	has_profession	owner
user13642	job_status	employed
user13642	job_status	employed
user13643	gender	different
user13643	dislike	rejection from parents
user13643	other	sexual identity
user13644	has_profession	athlete
user13644	has_ability	run marathons
user13644	like_music	all american rejecs
user13644	dislike	sweet potatoes
user13644	have_pet	3 dog
user13645	like_activity	travel
user13645	place_origin	san francisco
user13645	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user13645	have_sibling	1 sister
user13645	like_animal	dog
user13646	have	birth mother
user13646	have	brown hair
user13646	favorite	christmas
user13646	other	adopted
user13646	employed_by_general	a local party store
user13647	favorite_hobby	reading
user13647	has_ability	digital art
user13647	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13647	favorite_book	stephen king
user13648	favorite_color	purple
user13648	place_origin	church
user13648	have_chidren	child
user13648	has_profession	teacher
user13649	like_activity	staying up late
user13649	want_do	video games
user13649	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user13649	have_sibling	sibling
user13649	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user13650	like_general	leather clothes
user13650	like_general	boots
user13650	like_general	sleeping in
user13650	<blank>	<blank>
user13650	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user13651	own	olympic medal
user13651	has_hobby	skydiving
user13651	like_food	french fries
user13651	like_music	queens of the stone age
user13652	has_hobby	larp
user13652	has_profession	general
user13652	has_age	32
user13652	have_family	father
user13653	have_pet	dog
user13653	other	carnivore
user13653	employed_by_company	<blank>
user13654	favorite_place	jamaica
user13654	have_sibling	3 sister
user13654	like_activity	reading
user13654	has_degree	creative writing
user13655	has_profession	actor
user13655	has_profession	actor
user13655	has_profession	actor
user13655	has_hobby	filmmaking
user13655	previous_profession	actor
user13656	like_sports	surfing
user13656	like_watching	sunsets
user13656	dislike	red meat
user13656	physical_attribute	brunette
user13656	live_in_general	near the ocean
user13657	other	used to wear glasses
user13657	want	autographs from authors
user13657	want_job	publishing
user13657	favorite_color	green
user13658	attend_school	university
user13658	has_ability	play instrument
user13658	have_vehicle	ford
user13658	have	name
user13659	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user13659	other	vegan
user13659	has_profession	public relations
user13659	other	buddhist
user13660	has_profession	retailer
user13660	dislike	the taste of cheese
user13660	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user13660	have_chidren	daughter
user13661	favorite_show	face off
user13661	have_chidren	children
user13661	like_activity	running
user13661	like_activity	cooking
user13661	misc_attribute	organized
user13662	own	wear glasses
user13662	physical_attribute	attractive
user13662	other	8 grandchildren
user13662	job_status	retired
user13662	has_hobby	working out
user13663	like_general	<blank>
user13663	own	30 shoes
user13663	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user13663	have_pet	4 cat
user13664	dislike	over eating
user13664	misc_attribute	dull
user13664	job_status	unemployed
user13664	have_pet	1 dog
user13664	dislike	paying bills
user13665	like_activity	walking
user13665	want_do	travel
user13665	job_status	retired
user13666	favorite_food	cheesecake
user13666	own	money
user13666	marital_status	married
user13666	misc_attribute	bored
user13667	own	black car
user13667	like_music	rap
user13667	like_food	meat
user13667	favorite_food	steak
user13667	has_profession	finance
user13668	like_sports	basketball
user13668	marital_status	not married
user13668	has_hobby	hunting
user13668	have_chidren	children
user13668	like_activity	singing
user13669	school_status	graduated
user13669	has_ability	play instrument
user13669	want_job	teacher
user13669	have_chidren	son
user13670	like_activity	reading
user13670	favorite_book	harry potter books
user13670	like_activity	reading
user13670	other	vegetarian
user13670	like_watching	tv
user13671	job_status	volunteer
user13671	marital_status	20 married
user13671	previous_profession	veteran
user13671	favorite_sport	football
user13672	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user13672	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user13672	want_do	10 own horses
user13672	have	90000 dollars
user13673	have_pet	cat
user13673	has_profession	coffee shop
user13673	school_status	student
user13673	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user13674	job_status	employed
user13674	like_music	pink
user13674	want_job	aide
user13675	like_music	yo gotti
user13675	job_status	seeking employment
user13675	misc_attribute	motivated
user13675	like_watching	drama
user13676	job_status	employed
user13676	want	vacation
user13676	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user13676	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user13676	misc_attribute	slow
user13677	like_read	comics
user13677	like_food	organic
user13677	own	2 snakes
user13677	has_hobby	collect autographs
user13677	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user13678	like_animal	cat
user13678	school_status	student
user13678	misc_attribute	athletic
user13679	want	corvette
user13679	has_hobby	writing
user13679	like_animal	dog
user13679	marital_status	divorced
user13679	has_profession	mall cop
user13680	has_profession	scout
user13680	have_vehicle	car
user13680	not_have	pet
user13680	have	car
user13681	have_pet	2 dog
user13681	employed_by_company	facebook
user13681	job_status	employed
user13681	has_profession	programmer
user13682	like_general	cabins in the woods
user13682	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user13682	has_hobby	traveling
user13682	has_hobby	traveling
user13683	own	band tees
user13683	like_music	techno
user13683	like_general	anime
user13684	own	30 shoes
user13684	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user13684	like_activity	skateboarding
user13684	like_general	<blank>
user13685	have_pet	10 alpacas
user13685	own	home
user13685	member_of	city council
user13685	like_activity	outdoors
user13685	like_food	locally sourced
user13686	employed_by_general	gas station
user13686	like_goto	grocery store
user13686	has_profession	salesman
user13686	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user13687	has_profession	businessman
user13687	like_activity	singing
user13687	have_chidren	2 children
user13687	has_hobby	martial arts
user13688	dislike	waiting in line
user13688	own	5 pairs of same pants
user13688	have_sibling	sister
user13688	have	photo
user13689	misc_attribute	lose control
user13689	has_profession	manager
user13689	dislike	boss
user13689	like_music	bob marley
user13690	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user13690	like_music	classical
user13690	want	to become male model
user13690	other	dieting
user13691	<blank>	<blank>
user13691	has_hobby	shopping
user13691	has_hobby	writing
user13691	misc_attribute	cold
user13691	live_in_general	alone
user13692	like_animal	<blank>
user13692	have_pet	several
user13692	like_watching	animals
user13692	like_watching	wildlife
user13693	like_music	katy perry
user13693	like_activity	spreading happiness
user13693	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user13693	has_profession	lifeguard
user13693	have_vehicle	convertible
user13694	live_in_general	apartment
user13694	have_chidren	daughter
user13694	like_general	taking her to the park
user13695	want_job	smithsonian
user13695	favorite_show	csi
user13695	misc_attribute	risky
user13695	dislike	winter
user13696	like_food	pretzels
user13696	employed_by_general	railroad
user13696	favorite_music_artist	vv nation
user13696	like_watching	science fiction
user13697	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user13697	has_profession	freelance accountant
user13697	other	mild ocd
user13697	dislike	social situations
user13698	has_age	10
user13698	like_read	harry potter
user13698	has_hobby	martial arts
user13698	has_profession	safety patrol
user13699	have_family	mother
user13699	like_general	line drying clothing
user13699	want	ferret
user13699	has_hobby	blogging
user13699	other	allergies
user13700	like_activity	shopping
user13700	favorite	halloween
user13700	like_general	remodelling homes
user13700	like_sports	archery
user13700	like_activity	hunting
user13701	like_activity	hiking
user13701	misc_attribute	afraid of snakes
user13701	like_general	red
user13701	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13702	has_profession	teacher
user13702	own	0 television
user13702	like_read	<blank>
user13703	dislike	country
user13703	want_do	traveling
user13703	like_read	books
user13703	like_general	time with friends
user13703	dislike	hot weather
user13704	school_status	2016 graduated
user13704	has_hobby	kayaking
user13704	teach	kindergarten
user13704	has_profession	teacher
user13705	like_general	leather clothes
user13705	like_general	boots
user13705	like_general	sleeping in
user13705	<blank>	<blank>
user13706	physical_attribute	long red hair
user13706	job_status	employed
user13706	have_pet	10 cat
user13706	dislike	asparagus
user13707	like_animal	cat
user13707	has_hobby	video games
user13707	physical_attribute	overweight
user13707	have_family	husband
user13708	job_status	employed
user13708	job_status	employed
user13708	has_profession	waiter
user13709	other	beard
user13709	have_family	8 brother
user13709	physical_attribute	short
user13710	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13710	physical_attribute	short
user13711	has_hobby	drink beers
user13711	like_activity	fishing
user13711	like_activity	fishing
user13712	physical_attribute	red hair
user13712	employed_by_general	retailer
user13712	live_in_general	coast
user13712	like_food	food with no animal product
user13713	have	many girlfriends
user13713	has_hobby	horseback riding
user13713	like_food	beef
user13713	like_general	boots
user13714	favorite_music	rock
user13714	has_hobby	traveling
user13714	attend_school	university
user13714	like_sports	skiing
user13715	other	tom
user13715	like_food	italian cuisine
user13715	favorite_food	pizza
user13715	other	east asian
user13716	like_food	ice cream
user13716	has_ability	running
user13716	favorite_activity	fishing
user13716	favorite_activity	float the river
user13717	has_hobby	working out
user13717	has_profession	athlete
user13717	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user13717	has_hobby	weight lifting
user13717	physical_attribute	buff
user13718	have_pet	2 dog
user13718	want	travel
user13718	favorite_music	rock
user13718	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user13719	physical_attribute	average american youth
user13719	dislike	school
user13719	misc_attribute	romantic
user13719	like_activity	walking
user13720	has_age	53
user13720	physical_attribute	overweight
user13720	physical_attribute	blonde
user13720	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user13720	have_chidren	12 kids
user13721	favorite_drink	pepsi
user13721	has_hobby	reading
user13721	has_profession	librarian
user13721	has_hobby	bird watching
user13721	like_food	hot dog
user13722	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13722	like_sports	golf
user13722	marital_status	married
user13722	like_general	my work
user13722	like_music	classical
user13723	like_activity	working out
user13723	have	nice smile
user13723	misc_attribute	friendly
user13723	like_general	makeup
user13723	misc_attribute	nice
user13724	like_activity	football
user13724	like_general	it
user13724	like_drink	beer
user13725	marital_status	married
user13725	like_general	color: pink
user13725	has_profession	yoga instruction
user13725	misc_attribute	distant
user13726	has_hobby	travel
user13726	like_watching	games shows
user13726	misc_attribute	angry
user13726	dislike	green beans
user13727	misc_attribute	incomplete
user13727	have	a house
user13727	has_profession	artist
user13727	have_chidren	2 son
user13727	have_family	parents
user13728	has_ability	digital art
user13728	favorite_hobby	reading
user13728	favorite_book	stephen king
user13728	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13729	like_activity	walking
user13729	like_activity	go to lake
user13729	like_music	<blank>
user13729	misc_attribute	happy
user13729	has_hobby	knitting
user13730	like_goto	craft shows
user13730	live_in_general	apartment
user13730	has_profession	barista
user13730	has_hobby	fashion
user13730	favorite_book	the bible
user13731	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user13731	favorite_drink	1 beer
user13731	have	90000 dollars
user13731	want_do	10 own horses
user13732	school_status	student
user13732	want_job	actor
user13732	has_hobby	community theater
user13732	like_general	love
user13732	other	parents are doctors
user13733	like_activity	crocheting
user13733	like_animal	cat
user13733	gender	female
user13733	have_chidren	5 children
user13733	marital_status	married
user13734	has_hobby	hiking
user13734	has_hobby	writing
user13734	like_general	grateful dead
user13734	have	terrible singing voice
user13734	has_profession	cook
user13735	like_food	macaroni
user13735	have	money
user13735	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user13735	has_profession	car maker
user13735	like_sports	water ski
user13736	have_vehicle	ford
user13736	like_sports	football
user13736	attend_school	university
user13736	like_movie	action
user13737	has_profession	dental assistant
user13737	like_activity	clubbing
user13737	own	universe
user13737	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user13738	live_in_general	condo
user13738	like_music	opera
user13738	misc_attribute	focused
user13738	favorite_food	steak
user13738	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13739	physical_attribute	blonde
user13739	has_ability	terrible speller
user13739	has_hobby	dancing
user13739	dislike	country
user13739	has_hobby	volunteering
user13740	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user13740	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user13740	want	join military when younger
user13740	previous_profession	mechanic
user13741	like_sports	swimming
user13741	like_general	morning
user13741	favorite	apple
user13741	has_ability	marathon runner
user13741	like_general	winter
user13742	has_hobby	singing
user13742	have_family	grandmother
user13742	have	brown belt
user13743	like_activity	refurbishing
user13743	misc_attribute	unstable
user13743	have	appeared on jeopardy
user13743	other	recovering alcoholic
user13744	like_watching	horror
user13744	member_of	community center
user13744	other	allergies
user13744	physical_attribute	short hair
user13744	has_ability	play instrument
user13745	misc_attribute	intelligent
user13745	has_ability	perfect pitch
user13745	has_profession	writer
user13745	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user13745	has_ability	cook
user13746	like_activity	walking
user13746	have_chidren	3 children
user13746	own	honda civic
user13746	have	friend
user13746	other	named after my grandmother
user13747	has_profession	small business owner
user13747	has_degree	graduate
user13747	job_status	0 seeking employment
user13747	other	am impressed
user13748	like_activity	cosplay
user13748	like_activity	watching television
user13748	favorite_show	game of thrones
user13748	job_status	employed
user13749	like_food	sweets
user13749	gender	male
user13749	misc_attribute	unsociable
user13749	misc_attribute	careful
user13749	other	jack of all trades
user13750	like_food	home-cooked meals
user13750	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user13750	like_general	blue
user13750	favorite_show	fantasy
user13751	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user13751	own	personal religion
user13751	have_vehicle	convertible
user13751	other	believe in ghosts
user13751	have_pet	4 dog
user13752	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user13752	like_general	exclamation marks
user13752	misc_attribute	family attention
user13752	like_activity	video games
user13752	have_pet	2 cat
user13753	like_activity	fly model airplane
user13753	like_music	imagine dragons
user13753	has_hobby	kayaking
user13753	like_activity	running
user13754	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user13754	like_food	strawberry
user13754	like_goto	beach
user13754	have_pet	2 cat
user13755	other	pregnant
user13755	like_general	art
user13755	have_chidren	children
user13755	have	severe anxiety disorder
user13756	other	volunteer firefighter.
user13756	has_degree	marketing
user13756	physical_attribute	colorblind
user13756	has_age	30
user13756	job_status	employed
user13757	has_ability	drive truck
user13757	like_animal	chicken
user13757	place_origin	kansas
user13757	employed_by_general	<blank>
user13758	misc_attribute	shy
user13758	misc_attribute	content
user13758	like_activity	singing
user13758	have_pet	dog
user13759	place_origin	kansas
user13759	like_sports	horseback riding
user13759	like_activity	scuba diving
user13759	have_chidren	3 daughter
user13760	other	mild ocd
user13760	like_goto	florida
user13760	dislike	social situations
user13760	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user13760	has_profession	freelance accountant
user13761	marital_status	single
user13761	own	2 monitors
user13761	own	ebooks
user13761	like_movie	superhero
user13761	like_general	iphone
user13762	have_pet	cat
user13762	live_in_general	"parents house"
user13762	has_profession	editing
user13762	misc_attribute	anxious
user13762	have_family	1 father
user13763	has_hobby	hunting
user13763	like_general	tigers baseball team
user13763	physical_attribute	thin
user13763	physical_attribute	blonde
user13764	have	pink hair
user13764	favorite_hobby	chess
user13764	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user13764	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user13765	like_food	all
user13765	employed_by_general	large company
user13765	have_vehicle	car
user13765	like_music	rock
user13766	employed_by_general	magazine
user13766	like_activity	game halo
user13766	like_activity	working out
user13766	like_read	<blank>
user13766	favorite_color	yellow
user13767	misc_attribute	practical
user13768	like_activity	programming
user13768	misc_attribute	night owl
user13768	school_status	student
user13768	want_job	company owner
user13769	like_general	blue
user13769	place_origin	deep south
user13769	dislike	seafood
user13769	like_activity	hunting
user13770	physical_attribute	overweight
user13770	like_activity	larp
user13770	has_profession	designer
user13770	physical_attribute	tall
user13771	favorite_hobby	reading
user13771	has_ability	digital art
user13771	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13771	favorite_book	stephen king
user13772	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user13772	like_music	metal
user13772	has_profession	teacher
user13773	school_status	student
user13773	want_job	company owner
user13773	like_activity	programming
user13774	like_food	meatloaf
user13774	like_music	lindsey stirling
user13774	own	2 packs
user13774	like_drink	coffee
user13774	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user13775	place_origin	upstate
user13775	live_in_general	city
user13775	employed_by_general	bank
user13776	want_do	fix
user13776	like_general	vinyl records
user13776	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user13776	misc_attribute	active
user13776	have_vehicle	junk
user13777	like_watching	plays
user13777	like_general	baking
user13777	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user13777	like_activity	walking
user13777	like_animal	dog
user13778	place_origin	<blank>
user13778	have_sibling	3 brother
user13778	employed_by_company	nike
user13778	like_activity	investing
user13779	have	allergies
user13779	physical_attribute	red skin
user13779	dislike	dust
user13779	physical_attribute	attractive
user13780	dislike	all
user13780	like_activity	roleplay
user13780	like_general	morning
user13781	like_goto	movie theater
user13781	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user13781	have_pet	dog
user13781	employed_by_company	target
user13782	favorite_music	rock
user13782	dislike	broccoli
user13782	has_profession	design video games
user13782	dislike	afraid of the dark
user13783	have	something purple
user13783	has_hobby	walking
user13783	employed_by_general	fast food
user13783	favorite	milena
user13784	like_read	<blank>
user13784	like_music	country
user13784	other	vegan
user13784	like_goto	beach
user13784	job_status	employed
user13785	marital_status	married
user13785	live_in_general	boat
user13785	has_profession	hairdresser
user13785	own	salon
user13786	dislike	fashion
user13786	misc_attribute	am happy
user13786	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user13786	has_profession	waitress
user13787	favorite_season	fall
user13787	physical_attribute	brunette
user13787	like_food	healthy
user13787	like_activity	sleeping in
user13788	dislike	social obligations
user13788	like_watching	foreign
user13788	dislike	eating out
user13789	has_hobby	couponing
user13789	like_activity	shopping
user13789	like_general	saving money
user13789	misc_attribute	organized
user13789	want_job	artist
user13790	marital_status	married
user13790	like_animal	cat
user13790	have_chidren	5 children
user13790	like_activity	crocheting
user13791	gender	female
user13791	like_food	sushi
user13791	like_animal	dog
user13791	like_general	blue
user13792	attend_school	university
user13792	have	name
user13792	have_vehicle	ford
user13792	has_age	25
user13792	has_ability	play instrument
user13793	physical_attribute	purple hair
user13793	job_status	employed
user13794	has_profession	party planning
user13794	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user13795	like_read	twilight
user13795	like_food	insect
user13795	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user13795	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user13795	has_hobby	surfing
user13796	has_profession	finance
user13796	like_food	meat
user13796	own	black car
user13796	favorite_food	steak
user13797	like_sports	football
user13797	<blank>	<blank>
user13797	have_pet	iguana
user13797	favorite_movie	star wars
user13798	has_profession	car sales
user13798	own	acara
user13798	favorite_drink	beer coors
user13799	like_movie	magic mike
user13799	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user13799	has_profession	teacher
user13799	like_activity	video games
user13800	like_music	madonna
user13800	like_music	10 concerts
user13800	employed_by_general	retailer
user13801	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user13801	like_food	italian cuisine
user13801	like_music	concerts
user13801	job_status	volunteer
user13801	has_profession	librarian
user13802	has_ability	0 run very fast
user13802	favorite_drink	coffee
user13802	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13802	have_vehicle	car
user13802	physical_attribute	skinny
user13803	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user13803	misc_attribute	antisocial
user13803	like_activity	sleeping
user13803	employed_by_general	factory
user13804	has_profession	0 clerk
user13804	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user13804	physical_attribute	thin
user13804	place_origin	baltimore
user13805	like_music	death metal
user13805	live_in_general	a home
user13805	like_activity	watching television
user13805	attend_school	university
user13806	other	omar
user13806	dislike	city
user13806	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user13806	have_sibling	brother
user13806	has_ability	play instrument
user13807	like_general	wearing black clothing
user13807	own	black car
user13807	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user13807	own	black purse
user13808	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user13808	have	hair
user13808	dislike	country
user13808	have_vehicle	ford
user13808	physical_attribute	tall
user13809	like_activity	painting
user13809	have_chidren	2 son
user13809	like_goto	museum
user13809	like_goto	wine tours
user13810	like_activity	reading
user13810	has_ability	read
user13810	has_ability	read foreign language
user13810	like_activity	reading
user13810	school_status	dropped out
user13811	have_sibling	1 sister
user13811	school_status	student
user13811	like_food	cake
user13811	live_in_citystatecountry	dublin
user13812	have	green eyes
user13812	want_job	librarian
user13812	have	glasses
user13812	physical_attribute	olive
user13813	want	pet
user13813	misc_attribute	shallow
user13813	own	money
user13814	have_vehicle	camper
user13814	has_profession	truck driver
user13814	previous_profession	veteran
user13814	like_activity	working out
user13815	has_profession	teacher
user13815	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user13815	have_chidren	2 son
user13815	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user13815	like_music	metal
user13816	job_status	employed
user13816	physical_attribute	purple hair
user13817	has_hobby	whittling
user13817	employed_by_general	navy
user13817	other	orphan
user13817	has_degree	communications
user13818	like_drink	iced tea
user13818	want	mermaid
user13818	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13818	dislike	heights
user13819	like_general	tall men
user13819	has_hobby	cooking
user13819	have_pet	2 dog
user13819	physical_attribute	red hair
user13820	like_read	mystery
user13820	attend_school	university
user13820	other	youngest
user13820	has_hobby	tennis
user13821	want_do	retire
user13821	has_profession	baker
user13821	have_chidren	children
user13821	previous_profession	actor
user13822	has_profession	cashier
user13822	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user13822	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user13822	has_age	25
user13823	has_profession	car sales
user13823	have_vehicle	acura
user13823	favorite_drink	beer coors
user13824	favorite_music_artist	rancid
user13824	has_profession	cashier
user13824	live_in_citystatecountry	san diego
user13825	place_origin	mexico
user13825	like_activity	walking
user13825	like_activity	baking
user13825	teach	<blank>
user13826	physical_attribute	tall
user13826	like_activity	travel
user13826	like_general	place
user13827	like_sports	basketball
user13827	job_status	employed
user13827	have_chidren	<blank>
user13827	place_origin	texas
user13827	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user13828	has_profession	musician
user13828	has_hobby	gardening
user13828	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user13828	has_ability	play instrument
user13828	have_pet	koi
user13829	own	bowie knife
user13829	has_hobby	weight lifting
user13829	like_watching	mma
user13829	school_status	student
user13829	like_drink	water with protein powder
user13830	school_status	graduated
user13830	have_family	mother
user13830	have_family	grandmother
user13831	marital_status	single
user13831	have_family	mother
user13831	like_music	rap
user13831	like_activity	fishing
user13832	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user13832	favorite_activity	reading
user13832	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user13832	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user13832	like_food	spaghetti
user13833	dislike	pudding
user13833	like_music	ke ha
user13833	want_do	drugs
user13833	like_activity	living in texas
user13834	has_profession	barista
user13834	live_in_general	apartment
user13834	favorite_book	the bible
user13834	like_goto	craft shows
user13835	other	vegetarian
user13835	like_activity	reading
user13835	like_watching	tv
user13835	like_activity	reading
user13835	favorite_book	harry potter books
user13836	school_status	student
user13836	other	youngest
user13836	like_activity	photography
user13836	have_sibling	2 brother
user13836	like_general	blue
user13837	gender	female
user13837	like_activity	skateboarding
user13837	attend_school	high school
user13837	physical_attribute	blonde
user13838	dislike	seafood
user13838	like_activity	hunting
user13838	place_origin	deep south
user13838	like_general	blue
user13839	want	immortality
user13839	like_general	people
user13839	has_hobby	diving
user13839	like_general	technology
user13840	has_hobby	chess
user13840	other	saw a solar eclipse
user13840	has_hobby	walking
user13840	has_profession	security guard
user13840	have	high speed internet
user13841	like_goto	museum
user13841	like_goto	dates
user13841	school_status	student
user13841	school_status	student
user13842	other	award winner
user13842	has_ability	impersonations
user13842	has_hobby	volunteering
user13842	has_profession	plumber
user13843	has_profession	writer
user13843	employed_by_general	arena
user13843	have	allergy
user13843	want_job	actress
user13843	favorite_animal	zebra
user13844	employed_by_general	publishing building
user13844	gender	female
user13844	have	laugh
user13844	like_activity	cooking
user13844	marital_status	single
user13845	employed_by_general	military
user13845	has_hobby	wrestling
user13845	have_chidren	1 son
user13845	has_age	25
user13845	like_general	blue
user13846	gender	female
user13846	has_hobby	baking
user13846	have_chidren	3 daughter
user13847	want	medication
user13847	has_hobby	skydiving
user13847	like_food	french fries
user13847	own	olympic medal
user13848	like_activity	travel
user13848	<blank>	travel
user13849	want	ferret
user13849	have_family	mother
user13849	like_general	line drying clothing
user13849	other	allergies
user13850	job_status	unemployed
user13850	has_profession	babysitter
user13850	favorite_color	yellow
user13850	like_activity	riding the bus
user13850	not_have	money
user13851	misc_attribute	tired
user13851	like_activity	cleaning
user13851	like_food	fast food
user13851	have_chidren	children
user13852	have_pet	3 dog
user13852	like_read	horror
user13852	like_general	blue
user13852	like_goto	the lake
user13853	marital_status	not married
user13853	like_food	healthy
user13853	physical_attribute	brunette
user13853	favorite_season	fall
user13853	like_activity	sleeping in
user13854	like_activity	photography
user13854	live_in_general	alone
user13854	has_profession	engineer
user13854	like_activity	hiking
user13855	marital_status	married
user13855	like_music	charlie daniels
user13855	place_origin	tennessee
user13855	have_pet	dog
user13856	like_general	going to bed late
user13856	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user13856	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user13856	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user13857	like_goto	library
user13857	want_do	produce music
user13857	school_status	student
user13857	have_sibling	2 brother
user13858	have_pet	dog
user13858	like_activity	bathing
user13858	like_activity	working out
user13859	has_hobby	soap making
user13859	<blank>	<blank>
user13859	favorite_food	fruit
user13859	own	greenhouse
user13859	has_ability	composting
user13860	favorite_food	spaghetti
user13860	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user13860	have_family	mother
user13860	have	boyfriend
user13861	want	immortality
user13861	has_hobby	diving
user13861	like_general	people
user13861	like_general	technology
user13861	have_pet	dog and cat
user13862	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user13862	own	home
user13862	like_activity	hunting
user13862	has_profession	writer
user13862	like_food	barbecue
user13863	job_status	employed
user13863	other	vegan
user13863	like_goto	beach
user13863	like_read	<blank>
user13863	like_music	country
user13864	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user13864	dislike	green eggs and ham
user13864	like_activity	cooking
user13864	have_pet	4 dog
user13864	like_activity	swimming
user13865	like_general	cartoons
user13865	like_goto	water
user13865	live_in_general	away from parents
user13865	like_general	audiobookms
user13865	have_family	mother
user13866	like_activity	rock climbing
user13866	physical_attribute	hair is black
user13866	has_profession	writer
user13866	have_pet	1 dog
user13867	like_activity	dance
user13867	has_profession	teacher
user13867	place_origin	new hampshire
user13867	like_food	mexican cuisine
user13868	has_hobby	travel
user13868	attend_school	high school
user13868	have_family	mother
user13868	like_sports	hockey
user13869	like_goto	library
user13869	school_status	student
user13869	have_sibling	2 brother
user13869	has_ability	play instrument
user13870	physical_attribute	red hair
user13870	like_food	food with no animal product
user13870	live_in_general	coast
user13870	like_goto	0 library
user13871	like_watching	comedy
user13871	job_status	employed
user13871	has_profession	ballerina
user13871	favorite_food	hamburgers
user13872	have_chidren	daughter
user13872	has_ability	cooking
user13872	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user13872	has_profession	retailer
user13873	want_do	speak language
user13873	like_activity	learning
user13873	own	computer
user13873	misc_attribute	bored
user13874	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user13874	live_in_general	farm
user13874	like_food	beets
user13874	has_profession	salesman
user13875	marital_status	married
user13875	gender	male
user13875	has_hobby	traveling
user13875	misc_attribute	1 religious
user13876	job_status	employed
user13876	like_food	blue jello
user13876	have_pet	10 cat
user13876	dislike	asparagus
user13876	physical_attribute	long red hair
user13877	like_activity	going barefoot
user13877	has_profession	tutor
user13877	has_hobby	knitting
user13878	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user13878	like_activity	reading
user13878	job_status	employed
user13878	have_pet	cat
user13879	have_chidren	1 son
user13879	like_activity	swimming
user13879	like_read	<blank>
user13879	other	epileptic
user13880	have_chidren	child
user13880	place_origin	church
user13880	has_profession	teacher
user13880	favorite_color	purple
user13881	like_general	things
user13881	like_music	jazz
user13881	like_general	antiques
user13881	misc_attribute	romantic
user13881	like_general	dolls
user13882	have_chidren	3 children
user13882	like_activity	singing
user13882	place_origin	trailer park
user13882	like_food	wings
user13883	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user13883	misc_attribute	aspiring
user13883	employed_by_general	bank
user13883	like_food	1 restaurant
user13884	has_ability	play instrument
user13884	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user13884	have_pet	koi
user13884	has_hobby	gardening
user13885	want_do	<blank>
user13885	want_do	learning
user13885	like_watching	netflix
user13885	have_sibling	sister
user13885	want_do	schooling
user13886	has_hobby	drinking
user13886	like_drink	alcohol
user13886	misc_attribute	responsible
user13887	has_profession	mechanic
user13887	have_pet	1 dog
user13887	have_vehicle	car
user13887	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user13888	other	beard
user13888	physical_attribute	short
user13889	has_profession	doctor
user13889	like_goto	beach
user13889	live_in_general	large home
user13889	has_hobby	boating
user13890	misc_attribute	practical
user13890	dislike	bread
user13891	like_activity	hiking
user13891	has_ability	speak language
user13891	has_profession	barista
user13892	attend_school	elementary school
user13892	favorite_food	spaghetti
user13892	like_music	one direction
user13893	like_food	meatloaf
user13893	own	2 packs
user13893	like_drink	coffee
user13893	want_do	<blank>
user13894	like_general	my little pony
user13894	like_watching	anime
user13894	like_animal	butterfly
user13894	like_animal	cat
user13894	like_activity	being weird
user13895	like_general	being a guy
user13895	like_activity	hiking
user13895	like_food	burrito
user13895	have_family	mother
user13896	dislike	reading
user13896	dislike	pants
user13896	has_ability	play instrument
user13897	attend_school	high school
user13897	other	no accent
user13897	own	motorcycle
user13897	attend_school	university
user13898	misc_attribute	shy
user13898	has_ability	unclear
user13898	misc_attribute	shy
user13898	has_ability	sing
user13899	have	support of my whole family
user13899	has_ability	1 dancing
user13899	has_hobby	ballet
user13900	physical_attribute	red hair
user13900	marital_status	engaged
user13900	has_hobby	dancing
user13900	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user13900	job_status	unemployed
user13901	like_food	mexican cuisine
user13901	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user13901	have_chidren	2 children
user13901	like_general	summer
user13902	like_music	alternative rock
user13902	like_activity	crocheting
user13902	employed_by_general	craft store
user13902	own	house
user13902	favorite	holiday
user13903	nationality	united states
user13903	like_food	pizza
user13903	like_read	mystery
user13903	like_goto	beach
user13904	like_general	cars
user13904	like_general	ford trucks
user13904	have_vehicle	truck
user13904	have_vehicle	ford
user13905	marital_status	single
user13905	gender	female
user13905	employed_by_general	publishing building
user13905	like_activity	cooking
user13906	has_hobby	reading
user13906	has_profession	bartender
user13906	other	vegetarian
user13906	previous_profession	marine
user13907	like_activity	traveling
user13907	like_activity	working out
user13907	has_profession	travel agent
user13907	own	a business
user13908	have_pet	dog
user13908	like_music	0 toto
user13908	have_vehicle	car
user13909	like_activity	fishing
user13909	have_pet	dog
user13909	has_ability	cannibal
user13909	live_in_general	island
user13910	has_hobby	camping
user13910	has_hobby	horseback riding
user13910	have_chidren	mother
user13910	have_chidren	children
user13911	<blank>	<blank>
user13911	misc_attribute	cold
user13911	live_in_general	alone
user13911	has_hobby	writing
user13911	has_hobby	shopping
user13912	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user13912	has_profession	teacher
user13912	like_activity	sewing
user13912	like_activity	fashion
user13913	misc_attribute	1 religious
user13913	has_hobby	traveling
user13913	marital_status	married
user13913	gender	male
user13913	favorite_book	the bible
user13914	favorite	thierry henry
user13914	attend_school	stanford
user13914	has_profession	athlete
user13914	marital_status	married
user13915	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user13915	favorite	rose
user13915	school_status	taking online classes
user13915	has_profession	waiter
user13916	like_read	science fiction
user13916	like_food	tuna fish
user13916	physical_attribute	brunette
user13917	like_music	vnv nation
user13917	like_food	pretzels
user13917	like_watching	science fiction
user13917	other	omnivore
user13918	other	feet smell
user13918	physical_attribute	blonde
user13918	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user13918	like_general	money
user13919	other	adopted
user13919	dislike	future
user13919	have_family	mother
user13920	like_general	red
user13920	marital_status	married
user13920	have_sibling	sibling
user13920	has_profession	carpenter
user13920	previous_profession	slave
user13921	previous_profession	not stated
user13921	has_ability	swim
user13921	like_general	anime
user13921	like_food	meat
user13922	want	house on beach
user13922	like_music	pop
user13922	like_activity	eating
user13923	have_pet	3 pets
user13923	other	dieting
user13923	like_goto	gym
user13923	like_animal	<blank>
user13924	like_activity	walking
user13924	want_do	travel
user13924	job_status	retired
user13924	has_profession	teacher
user13925	misc_attribute	helpful
user13925	live_in_general	city
user13925	like_goto	market
user13925	other	walking
user13926	has_ability	running
user13926	favorite_activity	float the river
user13926	favorite_activity	fishing
user13927	physical_attribute	overweight
user13927	has_profession	baker
user13927	like_animal	cat
user13927	other	am lesbian
user13928	has_hobby	biking
user13928	like_goto	outdoors
user13928	favorite	pancakes
user13928	has_hobby	hiking
user13928	marital_status	in a relationship
user13929	live_in_general	country
user13929	physical_attribute	pregnant
user13930	like_animal	dog
user13930	want_job	veterinarian
user13930	like_sports	field hockey
user13930	has_age	15
user13931	want_do	travel
user13931	like_activity	walking
user13931	job_status	retired
user13931	has_profession	teacher
user13932	like_activity	reading
user13932	have	fibromyalgia
user13932	like_activity	beadworking
user13932	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user13932	place_origin	farm
user13933	like_food	1 restaurant
user13933	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user13933	employed_by_general	bank
user13933	misc_attribute	polite
user13933	misc_attribute	aspiring
user13934	have_sibling	6 brother
user13934	have_family	brother-in-law
user13934	has_profession	aquarium builder
user13935	want_job	doctor
user13935	job_status	employed
user13935	job_status	employed
user13935	has_profession	waiter
user13936	employed_by_general	newspaper
user13936	like_activity	writing
user13936	marital_status	single
user13937	attend_school	alabama university
user13937	have	girlfriend
user13937	like_sports	football
user13937	dislike	alcohol
user13937	misc_attribute	anxious
user13938	has_hobby	soccer
user13938	other	42 number is
user13938	favorite	nike cleats
user13938	misc_attribute	team player
user13938	has_hobby	goalie
user13939	attend_school	university
user13939	like_movie	action
user13939	have_vehicle	ford
user13939	like_sports	football
user13940	favorite_book	stephen king
user13940	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13940	has_ability	digital art
user13940	favorite_hobby	reading
user13941	like_activity	0 thinking
user13941	like_general	computers
user13941	misc_attribute	nerd
user13941	have_sibling	sibling
user13941	has_ability	math
user13942	has_profession	cleaner
user13942	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user13942	marital_status	married
user13942	like_activity	cooking
user13943	has_age	32
user13943	marital_status	married
user13943	has_hobby	diet
user13943	marital_status	married
user13944	has_ability	cook
user13944	has_profession	at bar
user13944	like_activity	surfing
user13944	like_music	country
user13944	has_ability	play instrument
user13945	like_music	chainsmokers
user13945	like_activity	travel
user13945	has_profession	lifeguard
user13945	like_activity	tennis
user13946	like_activity	video games
user13946	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13946	have_pet	dog
user13946	like_activity	racing rc cars
user13946	like_food	fish
user13947	like_activity	drawing and painting
user13947	job_status	employed
user13947	own	house
user13947	like_general	blue
user13947	have_vehicle	car
user13948	has_age	old
user13948	like_activity	baking
user13949	like_activity	travel
user13950	job_status	employed
user13950	dislike	asparagus
user13950	have_pet	10 cat
user13951	have	crush
user13951	like_activity	rpg computer games
user13951	live_in_general	a home
user13951	has_hobby	tabletop games
user13952	have_pet	2 cat
user13952	like_food	strawberry
user13952	like_goto	beach
user13952	like_food	food with no animal product
user13953	attend_school	university
user13953	has_hobby	traveling
user13953	like_goto	broadway shows
user13953	like_sports	steelers
user13954	has_age	30
user13954	job_status	employed
user13954	physical_attribute	colorblind
user13954	other	volunteer firefighter.
user13954	has_degree	marketing
user13955	attend_school	university
user13955	like_general	fashion
user13955	like_general	fashion designers
user13955	like_activity	shopping
user13955	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user13956	other	was diagnosed with autism
user13956	misc_attribute	quiet
user13956	attend_school	high school
user13956	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user13956	like_music	linkin park
user13957	like_activity	skiing
user13957	like_food	cheetos
user13957	dislike	mexican food
user13957	have	4 visited mexico
user13957	have_family	wife
user13958	dislike	heights
user13958	have_sibling	4 sibling
user13958	want	mermaid
user13958	like_drink	iced tea
user13959	has_ability	play instrument
user13959	school_status	student
user13959	want_do	produce music
user13959	like_goto	library
user13959	have_sibling	2 brother
user13960	misc_attribute	confused
user13960	other	sexual identity
user13960	dislike	rejection from parents
user13960	gender	different
user13960	misc_attribute	insecure
user13961	has_profession	surgeon
user13961	school_status	graduated
user13961	have_chidren	1 daughter
user13962	has_hobby	traveling
user13962	has_profession	engineer
user13962	like_activity	dancing
user13962	has_profession	technician
user13963	job_status	unemployed
user13963	like_activity	getting nails done
user13963	other	lost jewelry
user13963	have_pet	dog
user13964	favorite_sport	basketball
user13964	has_hobby	running
user13964	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user13964	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user13965	has_profession	chef
user13965	like_activity	baking
user13965	<blank>	<blank>
user13965	like_activity	traveling
user13965	has_hobby	photography
user13966	school_status	student
user13966	place_origin	california
user13966	like_goto	outdoors
user13966	like_general	recycling
user13966	like_activity	shopping
user13967	like_animal	all animals
user13967	like_general	my job
user13967	other	vegan
user13967	previous_profession	actress
user13968	have	birthday in june
user13968	job_status	unemployed
user13968	have_pet	cat
user13968	have_family	mother
user13969	like_sports	archery
user13969	like_general	remodelling homes
user13969	like_activity	hunting
user13969	like_activity	shopping
user13969	favorite	halloween
user13970	other	recovering alcoholic
user13970	have	large mustache
user13970	previous_profession	reporter
user13971	favorite_color	red
user13971	want_do	travel
user13971	other	wild child
user13971	like_general	place
user13972	employed_by_general	bank
user13972	attend_school	university
user13972	place_origin	upstate
user13973	has_profession	aquarium builder
user13973	have_family	brother-in-law
user13973	have_sibling	6 brother
user13974	have_chidren	children
user13974	marital_status	married
user13974	have_chidren	4 children
user13974	like_food	ice cream
user13974	has_age	50
user13975	job_status	employed
user13975	has_profession	owner
user13975	has_ability	lucky
user13975	job_status	employed
user13975	own	consulting firm
user13976	like_food	crab
user13976	has_hobby	kayaking
user13976	like_activity	fly model airplane
user13976	like_music	imagine dragons
user13976	like_activity	running
user13977	have_chidren	1 son
user13977	like_read	<blank>
user13977	like_activity	swimming
user13977	other	epileptic
user13978	job_status	unemployed
user13978	attend_school	classes
user13978	misc_attribute	talent
user13978	has_hobby	cooking
user13979	own	honda civic
user13979	have_chidren	3 children
user13979	like_activity	walking
user13979	have	friend
user13980	like_sports	soccer
user13980	has_age	7
user13980	school_status	rejected
user13981	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user13981	like_sports	soccer
user13981	favorite_food	healthy
user13981	like_activity	working out
user13981	want	cool
user13982	has_ability	play instrument
user13982	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user13982	like_goto	concerts
user13982	like_general	blue
user13982	has_hobby	swimming
user13983	have	homes
user13983	like_activity	riding
user13983	like_general	cars
user13983	other	eat less meat than usual
user13983	like_activity	horseback riding
user13984	have_chidren	2 children
user13984	has_age	30
user13984	marital_status	married
user13984	have_pet	2 <blank>
user13984	like_activity	walking
user13985	have	condition
user13985	has_ability	left sock first.
user13985	favorite_activity	pray
user13985	dislike	spider
user13986	have_pet	cat
user13986	previous_profession	nurse
user13986	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user13987	like_sports	tennis
user13987	want_job	singer
user13987	favorite_color	green
user13987	like_animal	animals
user13988	has_profession	engineer
user13988	employed_by_company	google
user13988	employed_by_company	google
user13988	like_food	lobster
user13988	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user13989	like_activity	travel alone
user13989	have	0 parents
user13989	dislike	sleeping
user13989	favorite_food	steak
user13989	misc_attribute	smart
user13990	like_read	<blank>
user13990	have	survived
user13990	like_activity	driving
user13990	physical_attribute	tall
user13991	have_family	uncle
user13991	like_activity	clean
user13991	like_read	<blank>
user13991	misc_attribute	afraid
user13991	live_in_general	sister
user13992	misc_attribute	above average
user13992	like_activity	gossiping
user13992	dislike	kissing
user13992	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user13993	like_general	children
user13993	job_status	employed
user13993	has_age	22
user13993	school_status	graduated
user13993	job_status	employed
user13994	live_in_general	with parents
user13994	like_food	take out
user13994	has_age	32
user13994	dislike	job
user13995	like_activity	swimming
user13995	like_activity	baking
user13995	employed_by_company	grocery store
user13995	have	garden
user13996	attend_school	university
user13996	like_activity	watching television
user13996	live_in_general	a home
user13997	has_profession	aircraft maintenance
user13997	have_vehicle	junk
user13997	want_do	fix
user13997	misc_attribute	active
user13997	like_general	vinyl records
user13998	physical_attribute	red hair
user13998	employed_by_general	retailer
user13998	like_goto	0 library
user13998	live_in_general	coast
user13998	like_food	food with no animal product
user13999	previous_profession	actress
user13999	other	vegan
user13999	like_animal	all animals
user13999	like_general	my job
user13999	favorite_music	country
user14000	like_activity	travel
user14000	has_profession	lifeguard
user14000	like_activity	tennis
user14000	like_music	chainsmokers
user14001	have_vehicle	car
user14001	own	blue shoes
user14001	like_general	the color blue
user14001	like_music	elvis
user14001	physical_attribute	blue hair
user14002	like_activity	sleeping
user14002	dislike	traffic
user14002	other	vegetarian
user14002	has_ability	cook
user14003	like_goto	pool
user14003	have	"dont have children"
user14003	has_hobby	yoga
user14003	job_status	employed
user14003	like_activity	shopping
user14004	have_family	parents
user14004	misc_attribute	depressed
user14004	job_status	seeking employment
user14004	want	help
user14005	like_general	technology
user14005	like_read	news
user14005	want_do	invest in stock market
user14005	want	find easy ways to make money
user14005	has_ability	website design
user14006	favorite_drink	coffee
user14006	has_ability	0 run very fast
user14006	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user14006	have_vehicle	car
user14006	physical_attribute	skinny
user14007	own	honda civic
user14007	like_activity	rock climbing
user14007	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user14007	employed_by_general	retailer
user14007	like_movie	django unchained
user14008	have_family	only child
user14008	other	"dont believe in love"
user14008	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user14008	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14009	like_activity	reading
user14009	like_sports	football
user14009	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user14010	attend_school	none
user14010	misc_attribute	always early
user14010	has_profession	volunteering
user14010	school_status	graduate student
user14011	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user14011	job_status	employed
user14011	have_chidren	<blank>
user14011	like_sports	basketball
user14012	has_profession	farmer
user14012	favorite_music	rock
user14012	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user14012	have_pet	2 dog
user14012	want	travel
user14013	like_food	organic
user14013	has_hobby	collect autographs
user14013	like_read	comics
user14013	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user14014	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user14014	have	started a fire
user14014	has_ability	speak language
user14014	own	an edged weapon
user14014	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user14015	has_profession	cleaner
user14015	like_activity	cooking
user14015	marital_status	married
user14015	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user14016	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user14016	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14016	like_general	suits and ties
user14016	have_pet	dog
user14017	have_vehicle	boat
user14017	have	5 grandchildren
user14017	<blank>	<blank>
user14017	gender	70 male
user14017	like_activity	fishing
user14018	has_age	35
user14018	teach	japanese and drawing
user14018	misc_attribute	accent
user14019	like_general	remodelling homes
user14019	like_activity	hunting
user14019	like_sports	archery
user14019	favorite	halloween
user14019	like_activity	shopping
user14020	like_activity	video games
user14020	employed_by_general	home
user14020	like_activity	social media
user14020	live_in_general	bed
user14020	have_pet	<blank>
user14021	has_profession	hairdresser
user14021	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user14021	live_in_general	boat
user14021	own	salon
user14021	marital_status	married
user14022	has_hobby	camping
user14022	have_chidren	children
user14022	have_chidren	mother
user14022	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14023	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user14023	like_food	chicken
user14023	like_activity	reading
user14023	employed_by_general	hotel
user14024	like_general	huge paintings.
user14024	like_activity	working out
user14024	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user14024	like_activity	collecting rocks
user14025	employed_by_general	railroad
user14025	like_food	pretzels
user14025	other	omnivore
user14025	like_watching	science fiction
user14026	employed_by_general	grocery store
user14026	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user14026	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user14026	like_food	food with no animal product
user14027	physical_attribute	short
user14027	have_sibling	4 sibling
user14028	have	1 shoes
user14028	like_general	having my back scratched
user14028	physical_attribute	allergic
user14028	favorite	eat at restaurant
user14029	want	retire
user14029	have	support of my whole family
user14029	has_hobby	ballet
user14029	has_ability	1 dancing
user14030	has_hobby	working out
user14030	like_activity	flying kites
user14030	like_watching	sport
user14030	own	car
user14031	like_read	autobiographies
user14031	like_goto	gym
user14031	favorite_food	chicken
user14031	like_music	metallica
user14032	have_family	2 children
user14032	have_pet	2 cat
user14032	want	more iron in my diet
user14032	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user14032	like_food	kale
user14033	<blank>	<blank>
user14033	have_vehicle	boat
user14033	have	5 grandchildren
user14033	gender	70 male
user14033	like_activity	fishing
user14034	school_status	student
user14034	place_origin	france
user14034	have_sibling	brother
user14034	like_sports	soccer
user14035	has_profession	lawyer
user14035	favorite_food	steak
user14035	like_activity	running
user14035	marital_status	divorced
user14035	favorite_place	new york
user14036	job_status	employed
user14036	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user14036	other	vegetarian
user14036	other	catholic
user14036	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user14037	other	vegan
user14037	favorite	rose
user14037	has_profession	barista
user14037	have_pet	cat
user14038	like_read	anne of green gables
user14038	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user14038	other	"won a beauty pageant one time but didnt feel like it was worth the effort"
user14038	want	pot bellied pig
user14039	physical_attribute	thin
user14039	like_watching	television
user14039	has_hobby	hunting
user14039	like_general	tigers baseball team
user14040	dislike	losing things
user14040	like_activity	hiking
user14040	like_music	marduk
user14040	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user14041	favorite_food	spaghetti
user14041	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user14041	misc_attribute	forgetful
user14041	have	boyfriend
user14042	has_hobby	dancing
user14042	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user14042	job_status	unemployed
user14042	physical_attribute	red hair
user14042	marital_status	engaged
user14043	have_chidren	1 son
user14043	employed_by_general	military
user14043	like_general	blue
user14043	has_hobby	wrestling
user14044	has_hobby	walking
user14044	have	high speed internet
user14044	has_hobby	chess
user14044	other	saw a solar eclipse
user14045	dislike	people
user14045	attend_school	homeschool
user14045	like_animal	<blank>
user14045	misc_attribute	artistic
user14045	has_ability	scream
user14046	school_status	dropped out
user14046	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user14046	misc_attribute	romantic
user14046	misc_attribute	emotional
user14047	dislike	acting
user14047	have_vehicle	ferrari
user14047	have_family	3 ex wives
user14047	dislike	kids
user14048	own	clothing
user14048	want	eats too much fries
user14048	dislike	math
user14049	attend_school	university
user14049	place_origin	upstate
user14049	live_in_general	city
user14049	employed_by_general	bank
user14050	have_pet	cat
user14050	has_profession	barista
user14050	favorite_color	orange
user14050	favorite	rose
user14051	live_in_general	wife and kids
user14051	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user14051	own	farm
user14051	have_pet	3 dog
user14052	has_hobby	baseball
user14052	have_chidren	2 children
user14052	has_profession	doctor
user14053	has_profession	doctor
user14053	have_chidren	2 children
user14053	has_hobby	baseball
user14054	like_activity	cooking
user14054	favorite_color	green
user14054	like_activity	swimming
user14055	has_hobby	gardening
user14055	has_ability	play instrument
user14055	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user14055	has_profession	musician
user14055	have_pet	koi
user14056	attend_school	university
user14056	employed_by_general	restaurant
user14056	like_activity	partying
user14056	like_goto	beach
user14056	school_status	student
user14057	have_chidren	1 daughter
user14057	school_status	graduated
user14057	has_profession	surgeon
user14058	has_age	10
user14058	like_animal	dogs and cats
user14058	have	friends
user14059	live_in_general	coast
user14059	physical_attribute	red hair
user14059	employed_by_general	retailer
user14059	like_food	food with no animal product
user14060	job_status	employed
user14060	want_job	doctor
user14060	has_profession	waiter
user14060	job_status	employed
user14061	marital_status	engaged
user14061	has_hobby	baseball
user14061	job_status	employed
user14061	like_watching	south park
user14062	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14062	like_food	egg
user14062	has_ability	drive truck
user14062	place_origin	kansas
user14063	want_do	<blank>
user14063	like_read	thriller
user14063	like_watching	sitcoms
user14063	like_activity	talking
user14064	like_activity	story telling
user14064	have_family	0 husband
user14064	teach	english literature
user14064	want_job	writer
user14064	have_chidren	2 daughter
user14065	like_activity	football
user14065	like_general	it
user14065	like_drink	beer
user14066	like_general	the night
user14066	have	phone
user14066	like_activity	basketball
user14066	like_activity	shopping
user14066	like_music	perfect playlist
user14067	other	stuck in the past
user14067	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user14067	like_general	place
user14067	misc_attribute	savage
user14068	has_hobby	video games
user14068	has_profession	baker
user14068	physical_attribute	overweight
user14068	like_animal	cat
user14068	have_family	husband
user14069	has_profession	accountant
user14069	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user14069	like_sports	running
user14069	have_pet	2 dog
user14069	have_vehicle	car
user14070	have	friend
user14070	want_do	move out
user14070	want	money
user14070	school_status	student
user14071	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user14071	attend_school	local college
user14071	has_hobby	watching television
user14071	like_food	vegetarian
user14071	like_music	classic rock
user14072	like_activity	gardening
user14072	favorite_music_artist	ween
user14072	like_food	pizza
user14072	gender	male
user14073	live_in_general	alone
user14073	like_activity	fishing
user14073	has_hobby	watching television
user14073	favorite_food	hamburger
user14073	has_profession	mechanic
user14074	want	monogomy
user14074	marital_status	single
user14074	like_goto	library
user14074	job_status	employed
user14075	has_age	50
user14075	have_chidren	4 children
user14075	like_food	ice cream
user14075	have_chidren	children
user14076	has_hobby	traveling
user14076	like_food	pizza
user14076	like_animal	dog
user14076	has_hobby	cooking
user14077	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user14077	like_watching	game of thrones
user14077	other	vegan
user14077	like_sports	soccer
user14078	like_animal	animals
user14078	other	vegetarian
user14078	job_status	employed
user14078	like_activity	sewing
user14078	employed_by_company	peta
user14079	has_profession	design video games
user14079	dislike	broccoli
user14079	dislike	afraid of the dark
user14080	other	jack of all trades
user14080	gender	male
user14080	like_food	sweets
user14080	misc_attribute	careful
user14080	misc_attribute	unsociable
user14081	has_age	32
user14081	marital_status	married
user14081	has_hobby	diet
user14081	marital_status	married
user14082	employed_by_company	computer company
user14082	like_animal	fish
user14082	school_status	student
user14082	have_chidren	5 children
user14083	job_status	employed
user14083	dislike	left turns
user14083	school_status	failing
user14083	have_sibling	4 sibling
user14083	have_vehicle	honda
user14084	have	problems
user14084	other	eat out for food
user14084	physical_attribute	short
user14084	like_animal	animals
user14085	like_goto	walmart
user14085	favorite_season	winter
user14085	like_animal	cat
user14085	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user14086	has_profession	fitness guru
user14086	has_age	53
user14086	misc_attribute	religious
user14086	has_profession	salesman
user14086	misc_attribute	carefree
user14087	favorite_activity	reading
user14087	like_food	spaghetti
user14087	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user14087	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user14087	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user14088	job_status	employed
user14088	employed_by_company	facebook
user14088	has_profession	programmer
user14088	have_pet	2 dog
user14088	like_activity	donate time
user14089	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user14089	favorite_food	spaghetti
user14089	have	boyfriend
user14089	misc_attribute	forgetful
user14089	have_family	mother
user14090	like_music	jazz
user14090	have_pet	3 dog
user14090	like_general	my family
user14091	marital_status	married
user14091	have_chidren	2 children
user14091	like_general	flowers
user14091	have_pet	3 dog
user14092	like_watching	movies
user14092	have_pet	cat
user14092	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user14092	like_food	taco
user14093	have_chidren	5 children
user14093	marital_status	married
user14093	like_activity	crocheting
user14093	like_animal	cat
user14093	gender	female
user14094	has_profession	librarian
user14094	job_status	volunteer
user14094	like_music	concerts
user14094	like_food	italian cuisine
user14095	other	vegetarian
user14095	like_sports	surfing
user14095	like_animal	panda
user14095	want_do	open a business
user14096	has_hobby	traveling
user14096	has_hobby	traveling
user14096	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user14096	like_activity	swimming
user14096	like_general	cabins in the woods
user14097	like_music	rock
user14097	like_activity	video games
user14097	job_status	unemployed
user14097	other	diabetic
user14098	has_profession	artist
user14098	has_hobby	hiking
user14098	has_ability	speak language
user14098	have_pet	2 dog
user14099	has_ability	baking
user14099	other	birth date
user14099	attend_school	law school
user14100	has_ability	3 speak language
user14100	want_job	employment
user14100	other	colour blind
user14100	favorite_music_artist	rush
user14101	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user14101	like_activity	hiking
user14101	has_profession	barista
user14101	has_ability	speak language
user14102	other	gay
user14102	has_hobby	sketching
user14102	like_watching	anime
user14102	has_hobby	video games
user14102	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user14103	like_activity	dance
user14103	favorite_animal	zebra
user14103	attend_school	preschool
user14103	gender	female
user14103	like_activity	outdoors
user14104	have_chidren	1 daughter
user14104	school_status	graduated
user14105	has_profession	veterinarian
user14105	place_origin	spain
user14105	other	vegetarian
user14105	favorite_music	hip hop
user14106	other	wild child
user14106	like_general	place
user14106	want_do	travel
user14106	favorite_color	red
user14106	have_pet	2 dog
user14107	has_hobby	artist
user14107	have	shot lion
user14107	want_do	climbing
user14107	like_activity	sculpting
user14107	misc_attribute	sad
user14108	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user14108	like_watching	movies
user14108	like_food	taco
user14108	like_music	funk rock
user14108	have_pet	cat
user14109	has_hobby	yoga
user14109	has_profession	marketing
user14109	other	vegan
user14109	have	an online business
user14109	has_ability	meditate
user14110	like_sports	football
user14110	have_vehicle	truck
user14110	has_profession	roofer
user14110	have	a beer
user14111	like_animal	<blank>
user14111	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user14111	have_pet	several
user14111	like_watching	animals
user14111	like_goto	animal shelters
user14112	have	wheel chair
user14112	gender	female
user14112	have_chidren	2 children
user14112	dislike	tomato
user14113	favorite_season	winter
user14113	dislike	swimsuits
user14113	other	am frugal
user14114	have_vehicle	car
user14114	job_status	work all the time
user14114	job_status	employed
user14115	school_status	student
user14115	like_goto	beach
user14115	like_general	blue
user14115	marital_status	married
user14115	job_status	employed
user14116	have	appeared on jeopardy
user14116	like_activity	pottery
user14116	other	recovering alcoholic
user14116	misc_attribute	unstable
user14117	like_drink	coffee
user14117	favorite_activity	gardening
user14117	other	am a widow
user14118	has_profession	nurse
user14118	marital_status	single
user14118	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user14118	own	1 house
user14119	like_activity	traveling
user14119	has_profession	travel agent
user14119	own	a business
user14119	like_activity	working out
user14120	like_sports	football
user14120	has_hobby	football
user14120	has_hobby	football
user14120	like_general	baltimore ravens
user14120	has_profession	athlete
user14121	has_degree	graduate
user14121	has_profession	small business owner
user14121	job_status	seeking employment
user14121	misc_attribute	impressed
user14121	own	miscelaneous stuff
user14122	like_music	opera
user14122	misc_attribute	focused
user14122	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user14122	live_in_general	condo
user14122	favorite_food	steak
user14123	employed_by_general	club
user14123	has_hobby	drawing
user14123	employed_by_general	grocery store
user14123	like_drink	soda
user14123	favorite_show	scooby doo
user14124	misc_attribute	sociable
user14124	has_ability	play instrument
user14124	has_hobby	band
user14124	want_job	director
user14125	job_status	employed
user14125	have_pet	2 dog
user14125	like_general	<blank>
user14125	like_activity	walking
user14125	like_goto	movie theater
user14126	like_general	grateful dead
user14126	has_profession	cook
user14126	have	terrible singing voice
user14126	has_hobby	hiking
user14126	has_hobby	writing
user14127	like_sports	horseback riding
user14127	have_chidren	3 daughter
user14127	place_origin	kansas
user14127	has_profession	police
user14127	like_activity	scuba diving
user14128	misc_attribute	athletic
user14128	school_status	student
user14128	physical_attribute	strong
user14129	have	0 dates
user14129	have_pet	2 dog
user14129	like_activity	reading
user14129	other	wrote a book
user14130	not_have	child
user14130	has_hobby	yoga
user14130	like_activity	shopping
user14130	job_status	employed
user14131	marital_status	single
user14131	job_status	employed
user14131	have_pet	2 dog
user14131	has_age	30
user14132	like_sports	equestrian
user14132	other	allergic to shellfish
user14132	like_activity	dancing
user14133	favorite_season	summer
user14133	school_status	graduated
user14133	like_food	taco
user14133	want_job	doctor
user14133	attend_school	university of michigan
user14134	other	vegetarian
user14134	employed_by_company	peta
user14134	like_animal	animals
user14134	job_status	employed
user14135	has_degree	masters
user14135	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user14135	have_pet	skunk
user14136	nationality	united states
user14136	like_food	pizza
user14136	like_goto	beach
user14137	has_hobby	boat making
user14137	has_ability	cannibal
user14137	have_pet	dog
user14137	like_activity	fishing
user14138	misc_attribute	punctual
user14138	employed_by_general	factory
user14138	like_general	jokes
user14138	want_do	change the world
user14139	like_food	tuna
user14139	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user14139	favorite_animal	fish
user14139	have_vehicle	boat
user14139	has_hobby	fishing
user14140	like_general	silver
user14140	have	1 rose tattoo
user14140	employed_by_general	clinic
user14140	attend_school	dental
user14140	have	tattoos
user14141	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14141	like_food	egg
user14141	has_ability	drive truck
user14141	like_animal	chicken
user14141	place_origin	kansas
user14142	own	honda civic
user14142	employed_by_general	retailer
user14142	like_movie	django unchained
user14142	like_activity	rock climbing
user14143	own	home
user14143	like_food	barbecue
user14143	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user14143	has_profession	writer
user14144	physical_attribute	overweight
user14144	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user14144	gender	male
user14144	like_movie	godfather
user14145	have_pet	3 dog
user14145	have_vehicle	bicycle
user14145	have	blood sugar problems
user14145	dislike	working out
user14145	has_ability	play instrument
user14146	has_hobby	baking
user14146	favorite_book	david copperfield
user14146	physical_attribute	short
user14146	have_sibling	twin brother
user14147	have_chidren	2 children
user14147	marital_status	married
user14147	have_pet	3 dog
user14147	employed_by_general	vet
user14148	<blank>	<blank>
user14148	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user14148	have_vehicle	moped
user14148	favorite	halo 3
user14149	have_pet	cat
user14149	like_activity	sewing
user14149	employed_by_general	cafe
user14150	like_activity	horseback riding
user14150	like_general	cars
user14150	other	eat less meat than usual
user14150	have	homes
user14151	has_profession	designer
user14151	job_status	unemployed
user14152	misc_attribute	talkative
user14152	want_do	dieting
user14152	has_hobby	drawing
user14152	have	braces
user14153	live_in_citystatecountry	dublin
user14153	like_food	cake
user14153	school_status	student
user14153	have_family	father
user14153	have_sibling	1 sister
user14154	has_profession	musician
user14154	has_ability	play instrument
user14154	have_pet	koi
user14154	has_hobby	gardening
user14155	like_read	comics
user14155	want_job	superhero
user14155	favorite	superman
user14155	other	<blank>
user14156	like_activity	outdoors
user14156	have_pet	10 alpacas
user14156	like_food	locally sourced
user14156	member_of	city council
user14156	own	home
user14157	want	money
user14157	school_status	student
user14157	want_do	move out
user14157	have	friend
user14158	like_activity	outdoors
user14158	like_food	locally sourced
user14158	own	home
user14158	have_pet	10 alpacas
user14158	member_of	city council
user14159	like_activity	cosplay
user14159	like_activity	watching television
user14159	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user14159	favorite_show	game of thrones
user14160	misc_attribute	anxious
user14160	have_pet	cat
user14160	has_profession	editing
user14160	have_family	1 father
user14160	live_in_general	"parents house"
user14161	school_status	student
user14161	has_profession	waiter
user14161	favorite	rose
user14161	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user14162	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user14162	has_age	under 50
user14162	like_food	cheese
user14162	like_music	backstreet boys
user14162	dislike	driving
user14163	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user14163	has_ability	ski racer
user14163	has_hobby	skiing
user14163	has_hobby	skiing
user14164	own	car
user14164	like_activity	flying kites
user14164	like_watching	sport
user14164	favorite_sport	rugby
user14164	has_hobby	working out
user14165	have_pet	3 cat
user14165	physical_attribute	blonde
user14165	have_family	only child
user14165	like_goto	foreign countries
user14166	like_music	<blank>
user14166	attend_school	princeton
user14166	favorite_activity	museums
user14166	like_goto	places
user14167	have	green nails
user14167	has_degree	masters
user14167	have_pet	skunk
user14167	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user14168	like_activity	survivalism
user14168	other	free spirit
user14168	like_general	family and fun
user14168	dislike	working
user14169	has_profession	veterinarian
user14169	like_activity	reading
user14169	favorite_book	stephen king
user14169	other	christian
user14169	favorite_movie	horror
user14170	want_do	video games
user14170	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user14170	like_activity	staying up late
user14170	have_sibling	sibling
user14170	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user14171	has_hobby	collect autographs
user14171	like_food	organic
user14171	own	2 snakes
user14171	like_read	comics
user14172	have_pet	dog
user14172	misc_attribute	shy
user14172	misc_attribute	content
user14173	employed_by_general	warehouse
user14173	physical_attribute	buff
user14173	marital_status	married
user14173	has_hobby	video games
user14174	have_family	1 father
user14174	has_profession	editing
user14174	have_pet	cat
user14174	misc_attribute	anxious
user14175	<blank>	<blank>
user14175	have_vehicle	car
user14175	have	red purse
user14175	own	red lipstick
user14175	like_general	red shoes
user14176	have_pet	cat
user14176	has_ability	speak language
user14176	have	1 blue eye
user14177	employed_by_general	restaurant
user14177	have_pet	1 dog
user14177	has_hobby	cooking
user14178	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user14178	like_general	summer
user14178	have_chidren	2 children
user14178	like_food	mexican cuisine
user14179	like_general	comics
user14179	has_hobby	drawing
user14179	misc_attribute	creative
user14179	want_do	give up
user14180	like_food	meat
user14180	has_profession	car salesman
user14180	like_activity	painting
user14181	physical_attribute	allergic
user14181	have	1 shoes
user14181	like_general	having my back scratched
user14182	have_chidren	toddler
user14182	like_music	taylor swift
user14182	employed_by_general	distributor
user14182	marital_status	married
user14183	like_music	folk
user14183	like_activity	hiking
user14183	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user14183	has_profession	in marketing
user14184	favorite_book	middlesex
user14184	dislike	country and jazz music
user14184	has_hobby	working out
user14184	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user14185	other	dave
user14185	like_activity	fishing
user14185	has_hobby	hiking
user14185	has_profession	personal trainer
user14185	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user14186	has_hobby	shopping
user14186	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user14186	teach	first grade
user14186	like_drink	iced tea
user14187	employed_by_general	circus
user14187	like_movie	<blank>
user14187	have_pet	2 dog
user14187	other	ketogenic
user14188	has_ability	play instrument
user14188	have	boyfriend
user14188	physical_attribute	short hair
user14188	favorite_color	yellow
user14189	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user14189	like_activity	hiking
user14189	has_profession	barista
user14189	has_ability	speak language
user14190	other	vegan
user14190	favorite	bob ross
user14190	has_hobby	hiking
user14190	has_profession	accountant
user14191	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user14191	live_in_general	wife and kids
user14191	gender	male
user14191	own	farm
user14192	like_music	rock
user14192	favorite_food	steak
user14192	has_ability	not swim
user14192	own	chevy tahoe
user14193	own	money
user14193	misc_attribute	shallow
user14193	like_goto	outside
user14193	want	pet
user14194	like_goto	festivals
user14194	like_food	meat
user14194	like_music	the story so far
user14194	employed_by_company	online
user14195	have	friends
user14195	physical_attribute	athletic
user14195	want	responsible
user14195	misc_attribute	distrustful
user14195	school_status	student
user14196	like_music	rap
user14196	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user14196	favorite	sleep
user14196	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user14196	own	sneakers
user14197	like_activity	it
user14197	like_goto	cinema
user14197	own	cape
user14198	job_status	unemployed
user14198	misc_attribute	confident
user14198	attend_school	university
user14198	want	botos
user14199	favorite_food	italian
user14199	has_profession	programmer
user14199	like_watching	netflix
user14199	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user14200	like_goto	restaurant
user14200	like_music	rap
user14200	like_activity	cooking
user14200	like_music	drake
user14200	has_ability	play instrument
user14201	like_activity	reading
user14201	has_ability	sing many songs
user14201	like_music	the mutineers
user14201	misc_attribute	happy
user14202	have_chidren	2 children
user14202	has_hobby	hunting
user14202	like_goto	local animal shelter
user14202	have_pet	2 cat
user14203	has_profession	teacher
user14203	like_activity	shopping
user14203	favorite_food	french fries
user14204	like_food	locally sourced
user14204	have_pet	10 alpacas
user14204	own	home
user14204	like_activity	outdoors
user14205	like_read	history
user14205	has_profession	teacher
user14205	like_food	mexican cuisine
user14205	place_origin	new hampshire
user14206	have	laugh
user14206	gender	female
user14206	marital_status	single
user14206	employed_by_general	publishing building
user14206	like_activity	cooking
user14207	has_hobby	band
user14207	misc_attribute	sociable
user14207	want_job	director
user14207	has_ability	play instrument
user14208	favorite_season	spring
user14208	like_activity	walks on the beach
user14208	has_profession	graphic designer
user14208	marital_status	single
user14208	like_activity	painting
user14209	have_pet	3 dog
user14209	like_music	jazz
user14209	like_activity	bingo
user14209	like_general	my family
user14210	want_do	texting
user14210	like_sports	hockey
user14210	favorite_activity	computer time
user14210	has_ability	sleep
user14211	want_job	smithsonian
user14211	misc_attribute	risky
user14211	dislike	winter
user14212	favorite	donna karen clothes
user14212	has_hobby	singing
user14212	misc_attribute	religious
user14212	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user14212	has_profession	teacher
user14213	dislike	alcohol
user14213	like_read	books
user14213	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user14213	like_activity	video games
user14213	employed_by_general	marketing
user14214	has_hobby	drawing
user14214	have	braces
user14214	want_do	dieting
user14214	misc_attribute	talkative
user14215	like_activity	watching television
user14215	misc_attribute	organized
user14215	like_activity	music
user14215	like_general	mother
user14216	like_general	blue
user14216	have	condo
user14216	has_profession	salesman
user14216	like_general	reduit
user14216	like_activity	cycling
user14217	have_sibling	twin sister
user14217	has_hobby	yoga
user14217	like_drink	coffee
user14217	like_food	chocolate
user14218	physical_attribute	tall
user14218	misc_attribute	genius
user14218	physical_attribute	purple hair
user14219	like_food	vegetables
user14219	favorite_food	carrots
user14219	like_activity	gardening
user14220	have_pet	1 cat
user14220	physical_attribute	short
user14220	like_activity	sewing
user14220	physical_attribute	brunette
user14220	physical_attribute	overweight
user14221	like_sports	swimming
user14221	like_read	<blank>
user14221	employed_by_company	navy
user14221	favorite_show	the voice
user14222	physical_attribute	tall
user14222	want_do	play
user14222	school_status	graduated
user14222	want_do	basketball
user14223	own	mansion
user14223	has_profession	business man
user14223	has_ability	300 speak language
user14223	want	parents
user14223	dislike	school
user14224	misc_attribute	bizarre
user14224	misc_attribute	genius
user14224	physical_attribute	tall
user14224	physical_attribute	purple hair
user14225	has_hobby	tap dancing
user14225	have_sibling	twin brother
user14225	favorite_book	david copperfield
user14225	physical_attribute	short
user14225	has_hobby	baking
user14226	has_ability	film making
user14226	has_ability	6 tv news
user14226	has_hobby	travel
user14226	like_activity	reenactment
user14227	job_status	employed
user14227	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user14227	<blank>	<blank>
user14228	like_general	love
user14228	want_job	actor
user14228	other	parents are doctors
user14228	school_status	student
user14229	live_in_general	far from home
user14229	has_ability	computer repair
user14229	like_food	meat
user14229	physical_attribute	red hair
user14230	favorite	superman
user14230	like_read	comics
user14230	has_age	8
user14230	want_job	superhero
user14230	other	<blank>
user14231	have_family	mother
user14231	dislike	salad
user14231	school_status	graduated
user14231	have_family	grandmother
user14232	misc_attribute	upset
user14232	like_activity	cooking
user14232	place_origin	austin
user14232	want_do	photography
user14232	like_general	social media
user14233	like_watching	western
user14233	have_chidren	2 children
user14233	has_profession	yoga instruction
user14234	have	6 toes
user14234	like_read	twilight
user14234	dislike	skiing
user14234	have	glasses
user14234	attend_school	elementary
user14235	like_goto	nature
user14235	have	debt
user14235	want	move to another country
user14235	school_status	student
user14235	like_music	electronic
user14236	other	catholic
user14236	job_status	employed
user14236	other	vegetarian
user14236	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user14237	misc_attribute	brave
user14237	want_job	army
user14237	like_general	deployment
user14237	employed_by_company	army rangers
user14238	misc_attribute	creative
user14238	like_general	comics
user14238	want_do	give up
user14239	employed_by_general	hotel
user14239	like_activity	reading
user14239	like_animal	animals
user14239	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user14239	like_food	chicken
user14240	marital_status	divorced
user14240	have_chidren	0 children
user14240	has_profession	1 librarian
user14240	misc_attribute	shy
user14240	own	wear glasses
user14241	like_sports	soccer
user14241	like_read	pride and prejudice
user14241	favorite	school subject
user14241	have_sibling	sister
user14241	have_pet	dog
user14242	favorite_activity	float the river
user14242	favorite_activity	fishing
user14242	has_ability	running
user14243	has_hobby	camping
user14243	favorite_hobby	baseball
user14243	has_profession	truck driver
user14243	have_chidren	2 children
user14243	has_profession	driver
user14244	physical_attribute	hears voices
user14244	has_hobby	arguing
user14244	misc_attribute	lust
user14244	like_food	cakes
user14244	has_hobby	collecting
user14245	have_pet	dog
user14245	favorite_place	mall
user14245	marital_status	single
user14245	physical_attribute	deaf
user14245	like_sports	tennis
user14246	favorite_book	harry potter books
user14246	like_activity	reading
user14246	like_activity	reading
user14246	like_watching	tv
user14247	not_have	degree
user14247	like_food	meat
user14247	like_general	desert
user14247	physical_attribute	eyes
user14247	misc_attribute	above average
user14248	like_activity	working out
user14248	like_music	country
user14248	have_pet	dog
user14248	like_activity	bathing
user14249	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user14249	job_status	volunteer
user14249	like_food	italian cuisine
user14249	like_music	concerts
user14250	has_profession	teacher
user14250	school_status	2016 graduated
user14250	has_hobby	kayaking
user14250	teach	kindergarten
user14251	like_activity	football
user14251	like_drink	beer
user14251	like_general	it
user14252	like_food	ice cream
user14252	marital_status	married
user14252	have_chidren	children
user14252	has_age	50
user14253	have_vehicle	prius
user14253	has_hobby	hiking
user14253	like_activity	relieving myself
user14254	like_food	crab
user14254	like_music	imagine dragons
user14254	like_activity	running
user14254	like_activity	fly model airplane
user14254	has_hobby	kayaking
user14255	other	vegan
user14255	has_profession	nurse
user14255	have	2 smartphones
user14255	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user14256	other	sarah
user14256	has_hobby	reading
user14256	has_profession	teacher
user14256	has_hobby	watching television
user14256	has_profession	teacher
user14257	favorite	daisy
user14257	employed_by_general	real estate
user14257	has_age	20
user14257	like_activity	singing
user14257	marital_status	dating
user14258	has_ability	speak language
user14258	have_pet	1 dog
user14258	has_ability	dance and sing
user14258	live_in_general	los angeles
user14259	want_do	go to europe
user14259	gender	female
user14259	have	never
user14259	like_activity	shopping
user14259	like_activity	dancing
user14260	employed_by_company	<blank>
user14260	have_pet	dog
user14260	other	carnivore
user14260	misc_attribute	educated
user14261	has_profession	artist
user14261	have_pet	cat
user14261	have_chidren	4 children
user14261	like_watching	game of thrones
user14261	like_activity	walking
user14262	have	hobbies
user14262	own	cape
user14262	like_goto	cinema
user14263	like_activity	dance
user14263	like_activity	running
user14263	physical_attribute	asthma
user14263	like_sports	hockey
user14264	want	help
user14264	misc_attribute	depressed
user14264	other	am bisexual
user14264	job_status	unemployed
user14264	have_family	parents
user14265	own	phone
user14265	like_activity	travel
user14265	like_general	red
user14265	have_family	parents
user14266	have	nickname
user14266	like_activity	singing
user14266	want	to take over the world
user14267	place_origin	france
user14267	school_status	student
user14267	have_sibling	brother
user14267	like_sports	soccer
user14267	want_do	soccer
user14268	like_general	morning
user14268	favorite	apple
user14268	like_general	winter
user14268	like_sports	swimming
user14268	has_ability	marathon runner
user14269	physical_attribute	blonde
user14269	has_hobby	dancing
user14269	has_hobby	volunteering
user14269	dislike	country
user14270	has_hobby	dancing
user14270	physical_attribute	blonde
user14270	has_hobby	volunteering
user14270	dislike	country
user14271	like_general	red
user14271	have_pet	dog
user14271	job_status	seeking employment
user14271	physical_attribute	short
user14271	other	relative
user14272	has_hobby	fishing
user14273	like_activity	smoking
user14273	misc_attribute	competitive
user14273	like_food	eggplant
user14273	marital_status	5 divorced
user14273	own	1 bar
user14274	has_hobby	ice hockey
user14274	attend_school	high school
user14274	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user14274	gender	male
user14275	like_activity	beadworking
user14275	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user14275	place_origin	farm
user14275	like_activity	reading
user14275	have	fibromyalgia
user14276	favorite	auto
user14276	like_music	classical
user14276	physical_attribute	6 tall
user14276	like_goto	opera
user14276	like_goto	paris
user14277	have_family	only child
user14277	<blank>	plants
user14277	have_pet	1 lizard
user14277	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user14278	other	vegan
user14278	have_pet	23 cat
user14278	dislike	fish
user14278	has_hobby	traveling
user14278	like_activity	painting
user14279	like_drink	coffee
user14279	have_pet	cat
user14279	own	rose garden
user14279	like_activity	swimming
user14280	has_ability	play instrument
user14280	own	mansion
user14280	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user14280	have_vehicle	ferrari
user14280	has_profession	rapper
user14281	own	trophies
user14281	other	can sim very quickly
user14281	like_activity	running
user14281	favorite_activity	cooking
user14282	misc_attribute	ocd
user14282	teach	children
user14282	other	vegan
user14282	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user14282	member_of	church
user14283	other	sarah
user14283	has_profession	teacher
user14283	has_profession	teacher
user14283	has_hobby	reading
user14283	has_hobby	watching television
user14284	like_food	food with no animal product
user14284	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user14284	employed_by_general	grocery store
user14284	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user14284	other	help with bookeeping
user14285	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user14285	favorite_food	italian
user14285	favorite_book	middlesex
user14285	dislike	country and jazz music
user14285	has_hobby	working out
user14286	have_pet	cat
user14286	like_activity	sewing
user14286	employed_by_general	cafe
user14286	like_general	books
user14287	have_pet	1 lizard
user14287	<blank>	plants
user14287	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user14287	favorite_color	purple
user14287	have_family	only child
user14288	has_hobby	working out
user14288	job_status	retired
user14288	other	8 grandchildren
user14288	physical_attribute	attractive
user14289	like_activity	cleaning
user14289	has_hobby	watching movies
user14289	misc_attribute	tired
user14289	like_food	fast food
user14289	have_chidren	children
user14290	employed_by_company	monsanto
user14290	like_activity	swimming
user14290	like_activity	shopping
user14290	like_read	fantasy
user14290	other	mother
user14291	gender	female
user14291	favorite_animal	zebra
user14291	like_activity	outdoors
user14291	attend_school	preschool
user14292	dislike	beer
user14292	favorite_animal	koala
user14292	job_status	employed
user14292	other	lives with a roommate
user14293	misc_attribute	depressed
user14293	has_ability	not technology
user14293	misc_attribute	savage
user14293	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user14294	has_profession	advertising executive
user14294	like_activity	hiking
user14294	has_hobby	writing
user14295	like_food	food with no animal product
user14295	like_goto	beach
user14295	have_pet	2 cat
user14295	like_food	strawberry
user14295	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user14296	have	t-shirt and jeans
user14296	has_hobby	skateboarding
user14296	attend_school	university
user14296	have	crush
user14296	like_food	candy
user14297	school_status	student
user14297	want_job	musician
user14298	want_job	doctor
user14298	has_profession	waiter
user14298	job_status	employed
user14299	want_job	restauranteur
user14299	like_activity	cooking
user14299	has_hobby	movies
user14299	favorite_color	hunter green
user14299	has_profession	chef
user14300	like_general	the weather
user14300	like_activity	hiking
user14300	like_music	one direction
user14300	like_activity	skiing
user14300	place_origin	colorado
user14301	like_sports	soccer
user14301	has_profession	finance
user14301	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user14301	dislike	coffee
user14302	like_food	burrito
user14302	like_activity	shopping
user14302	like_activity	dance
user14302	like_general	shoes
user14303	other	vegan
user14303	like_activity	cycling
user14303	like_music	<blank>
user14303	like_music	guitar
user14303	like_activity	skateboarding
user14304	other	believe in ghosts
user14304	have_pet	4 dog
user14304	have_vehicle	convertible
user14304	own	personal religion
user14304	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user14305	has_degree	masters
user14305	have	green nails
user14305	have_pet	skunk
user14305	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user14306	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user14306	has_degree	statistics
user14306	has_ability	card countin
user14306	have_chidren	3 children
user14306	want_job	casino manager
user14307	job_status	seeking employment
user14307	favorite_color	purple
user14307	dislike	science
user14308	own	iphone
user14308	like_activity	travel
user14308	have_family	parents
user14308	like_general	headsets
user14309	other	vegan
user14309	has_hobby	hiking
user14309	favorite	bob ross
user14309	has_profession	accountant
user14310	dislike	being controlled
user14310	misc_attribute	critic
user14310	dislike	my reputation
user14310	misc_attribute	regretful
user14311	has_ability	drive
user14311	dislike	science
user14311	favorite_color	purple
user14312	want_do	basketball
user14312	want_do	play
user14312	have	knee surgery
user14312	school_status	graduated
user14313	like_general	blue
user14313	like_goto	beach
user14313	job_status	employed
user14313	school_status	student
user14314	has_profession	party planning
user14314	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user14315	like_sports	badminton
user14315	dislike	basketball
user14315	misc_attribute	helpful
user14315	dislike	vegetables
user14316	attend_school	michigan
user14316	want_job	doctor
user14316	like_food	taco
user14316	favorite_season	summer
user14316	school_status	graduated
user14317	have	friends
user14317	want	responsible
user14317	school_status	student
user14317	misc_attribute	distrustful
user14318	employed_by_general	museum
user14318	have	few friends
user14318	has_hobby	reading
user14318	like_goto	park
user14319	member_of	church
user14319	like_read	agatha christie
user14319	have_chidren	5 children
user14320	like_music	rap
user14320	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user14320	own	sneakers
user14320	favorite	sleep
user14321	like_music	<blank>
user14321	like_music	guitar
user14321	like_activity	skateboarding
user14321	like_activity	cycling
user14322	have_pet	reptile
user14322	other	character
user14322	job_status	internship
user14323	marital_status	5 divorced
user14323	like_food	eggplant
user14323	misc_attribute	competitive
user14323	own	1 bar
user14324	want_job	journalist
user14324	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user14324	other	shoe size
user14324	have_pet	1 dog
user14324	has_ability	play instrument
user14325	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user14325	has_ability	driving
user14325	member_of	hobby club
user14325	own	suburban
user14326	like_drink	beer
user14326	have_pet	horse
user14326	live_in_general	city
user14327	have_family	2 children
user14327	like_food	kale
user14327	have_pet	2 cat
user14327	want	more iron in my diet
user14327	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user14328	own	car
user14328	favorite_sport	rugby
user14328	like_activity	flying kites
user14328	has_hobby	working out
user14329	misc_attribute	romantic
user14329	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user14329	school_status	dropped out
user14329	misc_attribute	emotional
user14330	own	pink hiking boots
user14330	has_profession	in marketing
user14330	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user14330	like_music	folk
user14330	like_activity	hiking
user14331	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user14331	<blank>	<blank>
user14331	have_family	mother
user14331	attend_school	welding
user14331	has_profession	contractor
user14332	like_food	cake
user14332	has_ability	play instrument
user14332	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user14332	have_pet	2 dog
user14333	misc_attribute	brave
user14333	want_job	army
user14333	employed_by_company	army rangers
user14333	marital_status	married
user14334	like_read	books
user14334	dislike	alcohol
user14334	employed_by_general	marketing
user14334	favorite_music_artist	isaiah rashad
user14334	like_activity	video games
user14335	like_activity	watching television
user14335	have	been in two car crashes
user14335	like_sports	<blank>
user14335	like_drink	water
user14336	has_profession	teacher
user14336	marital_status	married
user14336	like_activity	reading
user14336	favorite_place	beach
user14337	has_hobby	hunting
user14337	have_pet	2 cat
user14337	other	parents are teachers
user14337	like_goto	local animal shelter
user14338	like_read	comics
user14338	own	2 snakes
user14338	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user14338	like_food	organic
user14339	favorite_color	purple
user14339	not_have	child
user14339	has_hobby	listens
user14339	not_have	car
user14339	live_in_general	park
user14340	other	six months to live
user14340	other	allergic
user14340	like_food	fried
user14340	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user14341	like_general	recycling
user14341	place_origin	california
user14341	like_goto	outdoors
user14341	school_status	student
user14341	like_activity	shopping
user14342	have_pet	3 cat
user14342	favorite_color	orange
user14342	like_activity	swimming
user14342	like_food	taco
user14343	like_read	history
user14343	has_profession	technician
user14343	like_sports	softball
user14344	want_job	aide
user14344	like_music	pink
user14344	job_status	employed
user14345	dislike	driving
user14345	other	deaf man
user14345	like_general	scratching
user14345	favorite	number is 7
user14346	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user14346	has_degree	american literature and education
user14346	school_status	graduated
user14346	want_job	teacher
user14347	has_ability	play instrument
user14347	has_hobby	working out
user14347	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user14347	has_hobby	fishing
user14348	has_profession	gamer
user14348	like_activity	play league of legends
user14348	has_hobby	walking
user14348	marital_status	single
user14348	like_animal	dog
user14349	other	make 35 million a year
user14349	member_of	sports team
user14349	attend_school	university
user14349	has_profession	basketball player
user14349	live_in_general	mansion
user14350	like_activity	playing outside
user14350	have_family	mother
user14350	has_age	4
user14350	have	princess bed
user14351	has_profession	owner
user14351	job_status	employed
user14351	has_ability	lucky
user14351	job_status	employed
user14352	like_goto	concerts
user14352	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user14352	like_general	blue
user14352	has_ability	play instrument
user14353	has_profession	coach
user14353	want_do	propose
user14354	other	vegan
user14354	like_music	country
user14354	job_status	employed
user14354	like_goto	beach
user14354	like_read	<blank>
user14355	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user14355	physical_attribute	overweight
user14355	has_profession	designer
user14355	like_activity	larp
user14356	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user14356	other	stuck in the past
user14356	has_ability	not technology
user14356	like_general	place
user14357	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user14357	have	bowled a 300 twice
user14357	has_hobby	building furniture
user14358	has_hobby	yoga
user14358	other	vegan
user14358	like_watching	sport
user14358	want	be millionaire
user14359	physical_attribute	tall
user14359	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user14359	like_general	red
user14359	has_hobby	water sports
user14360	other	<blank>
user14360	marital_status	married
user14360	misc_attribute	insecure
user14360	physical_attribute	hungry
user14360	want	corvette
user14361	favorite_color	purple
user14361	not_have	car
user14361	not_have	child
user14361	live_in_general	park
user14362	dislike	popcorn
user14362	has_hobby	jogging
user14362	like_food	nachos
user14362	employed_by_general	movie theater
user14363	misc_attribute	night owl
user14363	school_status	student
user14363	like_activity	programming
user14363	want_job	company owner
user14364	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user14364	<blank>	<blank>
user14364	job_status	employed
user14364	has_profession	musician
user14365	has_profession	actor
user14365	has_ability	singing
user14365	want_job	writer
user14365	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user14365	like_activity	painting
user14366	want	to be able to write in cursive
user14366	want	something interesting
user14366	like_general	cold winters
user14366	like_music	strange music
user14367	have_family	parents
user14367	want	help
user14367	misc_attribute	depressed
user14367	job_status	seeking employment
user14368	has_profession	barista
user14368	favorite_color	orange
user14368	other	vegan
user14368	favorite	rose
user14369	has_hobby	snowboarding
user14369	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14369	have_sibling	brother
user14369	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user14369	like_food	popcorn
user14370	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user14370	have_pet	3 iguana
user14370	other	poor
user14370	have_sibling	brother
user14370	like_animal	dog
user14371	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user14371	has_hobby	gambling
user14371	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user14371	like_food	shrimp
user14372	dislike	swimsuit
user14372	favorite_season	winter
user14373	like_activity	travel
user14373	other	was on the news
user14373	other	have never been on the west coast
user14374	misc_attribute	not
user14374	job_status	employed
user14374	marital_status	single
user14374	like_goto	library
user14374	want	monogomy
user14375	has_ability	play instrument
user14375	have_chidren	4 daughter
user14375	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user14375	like_food	cake
user14376	other	deaf man
user14376	like_activity	reading
user14376	dislike	driving
user14376	favorite	number is 7
user14376	like_general	scratching
user14377	like_activity	survivalism
user14377	dislike	working
user14377	other	free spirit
user14377	like_general	family and fun
user14378	have	friend
user14378	want	money
user14378	want_do	move out
user14378	school_status	student
user14379	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user14379	favorite_activity	reading
user14379	like_food	spaghetti
user14379	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user14379	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user14380	have_chidren	daughter
user14380	want	magic was real
user14380	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user14380	like_general	christmas
user14380	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user14381	have_vehicle	suv
user14381	have	vacation home
user14381	has_degree	law
user14381	have_pet	3 dog
user14382	misc_attribute	distrustful
user14382	member_of	sports club
user14382	want	be alone
user14382	like_activity	competition
user14383	school_status	student
user14383	have	2 science classes
user14383	live_in_general	home
user14383	other	commutes
user14384	have_pet	doberman
user14384	gender	male
user14384	has_profession	mechanic
user14384	has_age	25
user14385	live_in_general	away from parents
user14385	like_general	cartoons
user14385	have_family	mother
user14385	like_goto	water
user14386	dislike	family
user14386	like_watching	horror
user14386	like_food	junk food
user14386	has_hobby	couch potato
user14386	like_general	comics
user14387	attend_school	graduate school
user14387	school_status	student
user14387	like_food	sushi
user14387	has_hobby	cooking
user14388	want	pet
user14388	misc_attribute	shallow
user14388	own	money
user14389	want	responsible
user14389	have	friends
user14389	physical_attribute	athletic
user14389	misc_attribute	distrustful
user14389	school_status	student
user14390	like_activity	shopping
user14390	like_general	the night
user14390	have	phone
user14390	like_activity	basketball
user14390	like_music	perfect playlist
user14391	favorite_color	green
user14391	like_watching	comedy
user14391	has_hobby	tennis
user14391	<blank>	<blank>
user14392	favorite_color	hunter green
user14392	want_job	restauranteur
user14392	has_profession	chef
user14392	like_activity	cooking
user14393	has_hobby	tap dancing
user14393	have_sibling	twin brother
user14393	has_hobby	baking
user14393	favorite_book	david copperfield
user14394	has_hobby	tennis
user14394	attend_school	graduate school
user14394	attend_school	university
user14394	like_read	mystery
user14394	other	youngest
user14395	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user14395	attend_school	university
user14395	want_job	teacher
user14396	other	gay
user14396	like_watching	anime
user14396	has_hobby	sketching
user14396	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user14396	has_hobby	video games
user14397	like_watching	tv
user14397	like_activity	reading
user14397	favorite_book	harry potter books
user14397	like_activity	reading
user14397	other	vegetarian
user14398	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user14398	has_profession	paramedic
user14398	want_job	nurse
user14398	have_family	3 sister
user14398	live_in_general	studio apartment
user14399	job_status	employed
user14399	other	bad luck with relationships
user14399	misc_attribute	romantic
user14399	misc_attribute	lazy
user14399	dislike	homework
user14400	misc_attribute	bizarre
user14400	physical_attribute	purple hair
user14400	physical_attribute	tall
user14400	misc_attribute	genius
user14401	school_status	dropped out
user14401	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user14401	misc_attribute	emotional
user14401	misc_attribute	romantic
user14402	has_hobby	watching movies
user14402	have_chidren	children
user14402	misc_attribute	tired
user14402	like_activity	cleaning
user14402	like_food	fast food
user14403	like_sports	surfing
user14403	want_do	open a business
user14403	other	vegetarian
user14404	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user14404	has_profession	writer
user14404	own	home
user14404	like_food	barbecue
user14404	like_activity	hunting
user14405	like_goto	walmart
user14405	dislike	heights
user14405	like_general	cold weather
user14405	favorite_season	winter
user14405	like_watching	game of thrones
user14406	has_profession	ballerina
user14406	job_status	employed
user14406	like_watching	comedy
user14406	favorite_food	hamburgers
user14407	want_job	director
user14407	misc_attribute	sociable
user14407	has_ability	play instrument
user14408	want_do	raise hell
user14408	has_age	17
user14408	attend_school	university
user14408	school_status	student
user14408	misc_attribute	sheltered
user14409	have_chidren	2 daughter
user14409	want_job	writer
user14409	like_activity	story telling
user14409	teach	english literature
user14410	other	christian
user14410	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user14410	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14410	like_activity	football
user14411	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user14411	have_pet	dog
user14411	like_music	smooth jazz
user14411	like_general	suits and ties
user14412	have_pet	1 dog
user14412	has_hobby	cooking
user14412	employed_by_general	restaurant
user14413	<blank>	<blank>
user14413	like_activity	building
user14413	like_activity	travel
user14413	physical_attribute	tall
user14414	favorite_activity	research race cars
user14414	like_general	sports cars
user14414	has_age	14
user14414	have	3 best friends
user14415	like_activity	scuba diving
user14415	has_profession	police
user14415	have_chidren	3 daughter
user14415	like_sports	horseback riding
user14416	like_music	techno
user14416	own	band tees
user14416	like_goto	comic-con
user14416	like_general	anime
user14417	misc_attribute	dull
user14417	dislike	over eating
user14417	misc_attribute	lazy
user14417	dislike	paying bills
user14418	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user14418	like_music	rap
user14418	have_vehicle	car
user14418	have_vehicle	car
user14418	favorite	california love
user14419	like_music	justin bieber
user14419	dislike	waiting in line
user14419	have	photo
user14419	own	5 pairs of same pants
user14420	other	beard
user14420	have_family	8 brother
user14420	physical_attribute	short
user14421	have_vehicle	ford
user14421	has_profession	police
user14421	marital_status	3 married
user14421	own	guns
user14422	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user14422	like_general	blue
user14422	has_hobby	painting
user14422	has_profession	finance
user14422	dislike	cleaning
user14423	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14423	have_chidren	children
user14423	have_chidren	mother
user14423	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user14424	dislike	pants
user14424	dislike	reading
user14424	has_ability	play instrument
user14425	physical_attribute	allergic
user14425	favorite	eat at restaurant
user14425	like_general	having my back scratched
user14425	have	1 shoes
user14426	have_pet	1 dog
user14426	live_in_general	los angeles
user14426	has_ability	dance and sing
user14426	want_job	actor
user14427	has_ability	driving
user14427	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user14427	own	suburban
user14427	like_drink	apple martinis
user14428	other	dave
user14428	has_hobby	hiking
user14428	like_activity	fishing
user14428	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user14429	like_activity	sleeping in
user14429	favorite_season	fall
user14429	marital_status	not married
user14429	physical_attribute	brunette
user14429	like_food	healthy
user14430	like_read	crime
user14430	has_profession	receptionist
user14430	have_pet	2 dog
user14430	like_general	brothers
user14430	favorite_place	disney world
user14431	has_ability	play instrument
user14431	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14431	have_family	sibling
user14431	place_origin	chicago
user14432	physical_attribute	blonde
user14432	like_activity	dancing
user14432	have_family	only child
user14432	like_goto	foreign countries
user14432	have_pet	3 cat
user14433	has_hobby	baseball
user14433	has_age	19
user14433	like_sports	baseball
user14433	has_hobby	baseball
user14433	favorite	mike trout
user14434	own	suspenders
user14434	want	a real dragon
user14434	have_pet	cat
user14434	like_activity	video games
user14435	dislike	social obligations
user14435	like_watching	foreign
user14435	dislike	eating out
user14435	like_sports	running
user14436	has_hobby	watching movies
user14436	have_pet	2 dog
user14436	employed_by_general	circus
user14436	other	ketogenic
user14437	have_chidren	3 children
user14437	live_in_general	suburbs
user14437	has_profession	teacher
user14437	<blank>	<blank>
user14438	employed_by_company	grocery store
user14438	like_activity	swimming
user14438	have	garden
user14438	like_activity	baking
user14439	have_chidren	2 children
user14439	has_hobby	baseball
user14439	has_profession	doctor
user14440	like_food	chicken
user14440	like_animal	animals
user14440	like_activity	reading
user14440	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user14441	dislike	people
user14441	attend_school	homeschool
user14441	like_animal	<blank>
user14441	misc_attribute	artistic
user14442	like_activity	cooking
user14442	have_pet	cat
user14442	previous_profession	nurse
user14442	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user14443	like_activity	surfing
user14443	have	bizarre dreams
user14443	marital_status	single
user14443	has_ability	earn passive income
user14444	has_profession	chef
user14444	want_job	restauranteur
user14444	has_hobby	movies
user14444	like_activity	cooking
user14445	have_chidren	2 children
user14445	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user14445	favorite_movie	titanic
user14445	employed_by_company	aldis
user14446	job_status	unemployed
user14446	want	botos
user14446	attend_school	university
user14446	misc_attribute	confident
user14447	favorite_animal	fish
user14447	have_vehicle	boat
user14447	like_food	tuna
user14447	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user14447	has_hobby	fishing
user14448	has_hobby	cooking
user14448	have_pet	1 dog
user14449	have_pet	1 cat
user14449	physical_attribute	overweight
user14449	like_activity	sewing
user14449	physical_attribute	brunette
user14450	have	beard
user14450	own	truck
user14450	school_status	graduated
user14450	live_in_general	farm
user14451	like_food	home-cooked meals
user14451	like_general	blue
user14451	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user14452	live_in_general	park
user14452	has_hobby	listens
user14452	favorite_color	purple
user14452	not_have	child
user14452	not_have	car
user14453	favorite_book	science fiction
user14453	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user14453	like_read	fiction
user14453	has_hobby	football
user14454	like_activity	baking
user14454	like_animal	dog
user14454	like_drink	coke
user14454	like_activity	running
user14454	like_food	bagels
user14455	like_general	family time
user14455	employed_by_general	online company
user14455	other	soccer mom
user14455	teach	cheerleading
user14455	has_ability	cook
user14456	other	christian
user14456	favorite_movie	horror
user14456	has_profession	veterinarian
user14456	favorite_book	stephen king
user14456	like_activity	reading
user14457	misc_attribute	smart
user14457	misc_attribute	social
user14457	misc_attribute	healthy
user14457	member_of	other club
user14458	previous_profession	clown
user14458	like_music	country
user14458	like_sports	surfing
user14458	has_profession	reality tv star
user14459	misc_attribute	sad
user14459	have	shot lion
user14459	want_do	climbing
user14459	like_activity	sculpting
user14459	has_hobby	artist
user14460	want_do	skydiving
user14460	misc_attribute	helpful
user14460	has_ability	play instrument
user14460	like_activity	gardening
user14460	have_sibling	twin brother
user14461	like_activity	zumba
user14461	like_food	beans
user14461	like_general	huge paintings.
user14461	like_activity	collecting rocks
user14461	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user14462	has_hobby	drinking
user14462	like_drink	any drinks
user14462	job_status	unemployed
user14463	favorite_drink	beer coors
user14463	like_sports	basketball
user14463	has_profession	car sales
user14464	other	vegan
user14464	like_goto	beach
user14464	like_music	country
user14464	like_read	<blank>
user14465	have	friend
user14465	has_ability	play instrument
user14465	like_activity	<blank>
user14465	want_do	home
user14465	has_profession	musician
user14466	misc_attribute	responsible
user14466	has_hobby	drinking
user14466	like_drink	any drinks
user14467	has_profession	barista
user14467	like_goto	craft shows
user14467	has_hobby	fashion
user14467	favorite_book	the bible
user14467	live_in_general	apartment
user14468	want	to become male model
user14468	other	had cancer
user14468	other	dieting
user14468	like_music	classical
user14469	like_activity	reading
user14469	other	christian
user14469	favorite_movie	horror
user14469	has_profession	veterinarian
user14469	favorite_book	stephen king
user14470	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user14470	other	democrat
user14470	misc_attribute	confident
user14470	like_food	fish
user14471	have_chidren	partner
user14471	dislike	heights
user14471	favorite	superman
user14471	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user14472	have_pet	4 cat
user14472	job_status	employed
user14472	other	vegetarian
user14472	have_sibling	sister
user14472	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user14473	like_read	anne of green gables
user14473	dislike	beauty pageant
user14473	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user14474	like_goto	museum
user14474	school_status	student
user14474	like_goto	dates
user14474	other	vegan
user14475	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user14475	have_chidren	4 children
user14475	like_read	<blank>
user14476	like_general	cold weather
user14476	like_general	clothes
user14476	has_profession	cashier
user14476	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user14476	like_food	non-gmo
user14477	like_activity	talking on the phone
user14477	has_ability	1 speak language
user14477	like_activity	hiking
user14477	like_food	vegetables
user14478	attend_school	homeschool
user14478	dislike	people
user14478	like_animal	<blank>
user14479	has_ability	play instrument
user14479	have_pet	1 dog
user14480	like_activity	fashion
user14480	like_goto	thrift shops
user14480	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user14480	has_profession	teacher
user14481	other	ketogenic
user14481	like_movie	<blank>
user14481	have_pet	2 dog
user14482	like_animal	butterfly
user14482	like_general	my little pony
user14482	like_animal	cat
user14482	like_watching	anime
user14482	like_activity	being weird
user14483	have_pet	cat
user14483	has_ability	speak language
user14484	dislike	kissing
user14484	like_activity	gossiping
user14484	misc_attribute	above average
user14484	misc_attribute	organized
user14484	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user14485	like_activity	cooking
user14485	like_activity	running
user14485	favorite_show	face off
user14485	have_chidren	children
user14486	dislike	beet
user14486	other	vegetarian
user14486	has_ability	cook
user14486	dislike	traffic
user14487	misc_attribute	insecure
user14487	want	corvette
user14487	other	hungry
user14487	other	<blank>
user14488	want_job	musician
user14488	other	am a student
user14489	favorite_animal	dolphins
user14489	like_activity	making lets plays
user14489	like_watching	youtube
user14490	attend_school	university
user14490	has_profession	basketball player
user14490	live_in_general	mansion
user14490	other	make 35 million a year
user14491	school_status	student
user14491	school_status	student
user14491	like_sports	football
user14491	place_origin	new york
user14492	previous_profession	programmer
user14492	have	2 grandchildren
user14492	like_animal	animals
user14492	has_age	77
user14492	like_watching	british
user14493	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user14493	like_goto	movie theater
user14493	employed_by_company	target
user14493	physical_attribute	7"
user14493	have_pet	dog
user14494	favorite_color	black
user14494	has_hobby	writing
user14494	want_do	<blank>
user14494	<blank>	<blank>
user14494	like_activity	singing
user14495	have_pet	named charlie
user14495	like_general	the nighttime
user14495	has_profession	artist
user14495	own	2 hoop earrings
user14496	have_family	adopted
user14496	misc_attribute	cold
user14496	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14496	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user14496	have_family	only child
user14497	like_music	indie
user14497	misc_attribute	picky
user14497	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user14497	like_animal	dog
user14497	want_job	teacher
user14498	misc_attribute	family attention
user14498	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user14498	like_general	exclamation marks
user14498	like_activity	video games
user14499	other	vegetarian
user14499	have_pet	4 cat
user14499	dislike	clowns
user14499	have_sibling	sister
user14500	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user14500	has_profession	author
user14500	like_watching	youtube
user14500	physical_attribute	brunette
user14501	dislike	all
user14501	like_activity	roleplay
user14501	like_general	morning
user14502	favorite	apple
user14502	like_general	morning
user14502	like_sports	swimming
user14502	like_general	winter
user14503	like_activity	play league of legends
user14503	has_hobby	walking
user14503	like_animal	dog
user14503	marital_status	single
user14504	like_general	simpler times
user14504	like_general	simple jokes
user14504	dislike	jokes
user14504	like_watching	the flintstones
user14505	has_degree	statistics
user14505	has_ability	card countin
user14505	have_chidren	3 children
user14505	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user14506	have_family	grandmother
user14506	school_status	graduated
user14506	have_family	mother
user14507	have_vehicle	boat
user14507	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user14507	like_food	tuna
user14508	has_profession	chef
user14508	gender	male
user14508	place_origin	baton rouge
user14509	has_hobby	baseball
user14509	has_profession	doctor
user14509	have_chidren	2 children
user14510	favorite	rose
user14510	have_chidren	daughter
user14510	has_profession	waiter
user14510	school_status	student
user14510	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user14511	other	braces
user14511	attend_school	high school
user14511	has_age	15
user14512	school_status	graduate student
user14512	school_status	student
user14512	has_profession	volunteering
user14512	school_status	student
user14512	other	early
user14513	has_profession	musician
user14513	like_activity	<blank>
user14513	have	friend
user14513	want_do	home
user14513	has_ability	play instrument
user14514	school_status	graduated
user14514	like_music	linkin park
user14514	other	was diagnosed with autism
user14514	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user14515	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user14515	like_drink	coffee
user14515	want_job	curator
user14515	have	been to new york city
user14515	has_hobby	painting
user14516	has_age	9
user14516	like_activity	running
user14516	dislike	vegetables
user14516	physical_attribute	buff
user14516	physical_attribute	tall
user14517	favorite_color	green
user14517	like_watching	comedy
user14517	has_hobby	tennis
user14518	other	was on the news
user14518	have	passport
user14519	physical_attribute	pink hair
user14519	have	girlfriend
user14519	employed_by_general	bookstore
user14520	have_pet	dog
user14520	has_hobby	writing
user14520	has_profession	advertising executive
user14521	want	child
user14521	has_profession	nurse
user14521	like_food	hummus
user14521	misc_attribute	bipolar
user14521	other	mother
user14522	like_music	bruno mars
user14522	like_food	sweets
user14522	like_activity	sleeping
user14522	has_hobby	cs and ds
user14522	attend_school	high school
user14523	have_chidren	0 children
user14523	has_profession	1 librarian
user14523	own	wear glasses
user14523	misc_attribute	shy
user14523	marital_status	divorced
user14524	gender	female
user14524	like_food	cheese
user14524	like_watching	spongebob
user14524	like_music	frank sinatra
user14525	like_general	family time
user14525	teach	cheerleading
user14525	employed_by_general	online company
user14525	has_ability	cook
user14525	other	soccer mom
user14526	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user14526	has_hobby	found blogs
user14526	have	thoughts
user14526	like_activity	reading
user14526	has_hobby	writing
user14527	like_music	guitar
user14527	other	vegan
user14527	like_activity	cycling
user14527	like_activity	skateboarding
user14528	misc_attribute	funny
user14528	like_food	candy
user14528	have_vehicle	honda
user14528	have_pet	3 cat
user14528	has_profession	package delivery
user14529	like_goto	casino
user14529	employed_by_general	brewery
user14529	marital_status	married
user14529	like_activity	traveling
user14530	have_pet	reptile
user14530	<blank>	<blank>
user14530	like_activity	walking
user14530	like_activity	cooking
user14531	has_profession	teacher
user14531	marital_status	married
user14531	favorite_place	beach
user14532	has_hobby	collecting
user14532	misc_attribute	argumentative
user14532	misc_attribute	lust
user14532	physical_attribute	hears voices
user14533	want	be an animal
user14533	dislike	regular life
user14533	dislike	family
user14533	other	am curious about space
user14534	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user14534	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user14534	has_profession	salesman
user14534	like_goto	grocery store
user14535	like_activity	crocheting
user14535	like_animal	cat
user14535	marital_status	married
user14535	have_chidren	5 children
user14536	dislike	driving
user14536	like_food	cheese
user14536	like_music	backstreet boys
user14536	has_age	under 50
user14537	want_job	baker
user14537	like_activity	cooking
user14537	has_hobby	volunteer
user14538	has_profession	disc jockey
user14538	have	friends
user14538	physical_attribute	handicapped
user14538	has_hobby	driving
user14539	other	vegetarian
user14539	have_sibling	sister
user14539	have_pet	4 cat
user14539	job_status	employed
user14540	attend_school	university
user14540	like_read	fantasy
user14540	want_job	journalist
user14540	has_ability	sorting books
user14541	other	gay
user14541	has_hobby	sketching
user14541	has_hobby	video games
user14541	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user14541	like_watching	anime
user14542	favorite_music_artist	worn
user14542	like_animal	dog
user14542	favorite_color	purple
user14542	like_sports	swimming
user14542	own	home
user14543	have_pet	1 dog
user14543	has_ability	play instrument
user14543	has_ability	play instrument
user14544	like_activity	running
user14544	physical_attribute	6 tall
user14544	like_activity	dancing
user14544	other	tall family.
user14544	like_goto	school
user14545	have_chidren	children
user14545	favorite_show	face off
user14545	like_activity	cooking
user14545	like_activity	running
user14546	has_hobby	reading
user14546	other	vegetarian
user14546	previous_profession	marine
user14546	like_activity	writing
user14546	has_profession	bartender
user14547	like_music	rap
user14547	have_family	father
user14547	like_food	meat
user14547	has_hobby	weed
user14547	employed_by_general	it
user14548	place_origin	farm
user14548	has_profession	veterinarian
user14548	have_family	2 nephew
user14549	has_hobby	singing
user14549	like_activity	skiing
user14549	favorite_color	yellow
user14550	like_activity	reading
user14550	has_profession	librarian
user14550	have_pet	cat
user14550	have_pet	2 cat
user14551	own	cell phone
user14551	other	cat person
user14551	member_of	hobby club
user14552	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user14552	have_pet	dog
user14552	like_activity	video games
user14552	other	<blank>
user14552	like_food	beef
user14553	have_vehicle	boat
user14553	like_food	fish
user14553	favorite_book	jane austen
user14553	live_in_general	near the ocean
user14554	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user14554	has_ability	play instrument
user14554	has_hobby	gardening
user14554	have_pet	koi
user14554	has_profession	musician
user14555	has_hobby	baking
user14555	have_family	daughter
user14555	gender	female
user14555	have_chidren	3 daughter
user14556	has_hobby	cooking
user14556	has_profession	scientist
user14556	live_in_general	alone
user14556	<blank>	<blank>
user14556	has_ability	play instrument
user14557	live_in_general	"parents house"
user14557	have_pet	cat
user14557	misc_attribute	anxious
user14557	have_family	1 father
user14558	other	vegan
user14558	like_goto	museum
user14558	school_status	student
user14558	like_goto	dates
user14559	like_music	rap
user14559	favorite	sleep
user14559	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user14559	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user14559	own	sneakers
user14560	misc_attribute	shy
user14560	favorite	costco
user14560	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user14560	has_hobby	cloud watching
user14560	has_profession	salesman
user14561	have_sibling	2 brother
user14561	has_ability	play instrument
user14561	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14561	place_origin	chicago
user14562	favorite	apple
user14562	has_ability	marathon runner
user14562	like_sports	swimming
user14562	like_general	winter
user14563	employed_by_general	home doing various jobs on the internet
user14563	like_activity	video games
user14563	other	<blank>
user14563	have_pet	dog
user14564	like_food	shrimp
user14564	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user14564	has_ability	play instrument
user14564	has_hobby	vacation
user14565	has_profession	teacher
user14565	other	sarah
user14565	has_hobby	reading
user14565	has_hobby	watching television
user14566	has_profession	athlete
user14566	want_job	explorer
user14566	dislike	job
user14566	like_general	blue
user14566	like_goto	india
user14567	like_general	blue
user14567	physical_attribute	brunette
user14567	like_read	<blank>
user14567	employed_by_general	grocery store
user14567	like_food	cupcakes
user14568	like_sports	football
user14568	attend_school	university
user14568	have_vehicle	ford
user14569	like_general	blue
user14569	has_hobby	painting
user14569	dislike	cleaning
user14569	other	italian american
user14569	has_profession	finance
user14570	like_sports	football
user14570	want_do	study abroad in spain
user14570	school_status	student
user14570	want_job	teacher
user14570	place_origin	new york
user14571	has_ability	3 speak language
user14571	has_hobby	traveling
user14571	has_profession	programmer
user14571	have	home
user14572	like_general	boots
user14572	have	many girlfriends
user14572	like_food	beef
user14572	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14573	have	10 piercings
user14573	favorite_food	italian
user14573	<blank>	smoking
user14573	like_activity	driving
user14574	like_goto	restaurant
user14574	like_music	drake
user14574	like_activity	cooking
user14574	like_music	rap
user14574	has_ability	play instrument
user14575	have_pet	cat
user14575	favorite_hobby	knitting
user14575	have	2 tattoos
user14575	like_activity	shopping
user14575	employed_by_general	office
user14576	dislike	spider
user14576	has_ability	left sock first.
user14576	favorite_activity	pray
user14576	have	condition
user14577	misc_attribute	aloof
user14577	dislike	waking up in the morning
user14578	has_ability	writing a novel
user14578	dislike	pickle
user14578	favorite_show	rick and morty
user14578	favorite_color	black
user14578	own	iphone
user14579	have_pet	cat
user14579	has_ability	speak language
user14579	have	1 blue eye
user14580	like_sports	surfing
user14580	has_profession	mechanic
user14580	have_pet	1 dog
user14580	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user14581	has_profession	teacher
user14581	like_movie	magic mike
user14581	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user14581	like_activity	video games
user14581	like_activity	singing
user14582	want_do	texting
user14582	favorite_activity	computer time
user14582	like_sports	hockey
user14583	like_general	going to bed late
user14583	has_ability	dance
user14583	like_activity	singing
user14583	other	vegetarian
user14583	has_ability	play instrument
user14584	other	allergic to shellfish
user14584	like_sports	equestrian
user14584	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user14585	has_ability	play instrument
user14585	has_age	25
user14585	have	name
user14585	have_vehicle	ford
user14586	like_goto	movie theater
user14586	like_activity	driving
user14586	like_general	to chat with my friends
user14586	like_goto	restaurant
user14587	like_food	pretzels
user14587	employed_by_general	railroad
user14587	other	omnivore
user14587	like_watching	science fiction
user14588	have	single bed
user14588	like_general	rain
user14588	have_vehicle	van
user14589	favorite_hobby	baseball
user14589	has_profession	truck driver
user14589	has_profession	driver
user14589	has_hobby	camping
user14589	have_chidren	2 children
user14590	have_pet	2 dog
user14590	misc_attribute	religious
user14590	have	0 dates
user14590	like_activity	reading
user14590	other	wrote a book
user14591	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user14591	favorite_drink	1 beer
user14591	have	90000 dollars
user14591	want_do	10 own horses
user14592	have	a house
user14592	have_family	parents
user14592	misc_attribute	incomplete
user14592	has_profession	artist
user14593	like_general	lightning mcqueen (person)
user14593	have_pet	cat
user14593	like_sports	basketball
user14593	have_family	grandfather
user14594	attend_school	university
user14594	have	a significant other
user14594	school_status	major in business administration
user14595	other	dave
user14595	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user14595	like_activity	fishing
user14595	has_hobby	hiking
user14595	has_profession	personal trainer
user14596	<blank>	<blank>
user14596	have	red purse
user14596	like_general	red shoes
user14596	own	red lipstick
user14596	have_vehicle	car
user14597	has_ability	play instrument
user14597	like_activity	<blank>
user14597	want_do	home
user14597	has_profession	musician
user14598	have_pet	parrot
user14598	place_origin	baton rouge
user14598	gender	male
user14598	has_profession	chef
user14599	like_activity	role play
user14599	has_hobby	reading
user14599	like_watching	anime
user14599	misc_attribute	artistic
user14600	has_hobby	football
user14600	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user14600	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user14600	like_read	fiction
user14601	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user14601	want	to take over the world
user14601	have	nickname
user14602	has_profession	artist
user14602	has_ability	speak language
user14602	want_do	move
user14602	has_hobby	hiking
user14602	have_pet	2 dog
user14603	marital_status	married
user14603	like_music	charlie daniels
user14603	has_hobby	fishing
user14603	have_pet	dog
user14604	other	six months to live
user14604	like_food	fried
user14604	other	allergic to lactose
user14605	has_hobby	kayaking
user14605	misc_attribute	friendly
user14605	want_job	teacher
user14605	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user14605	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user14606	employed_by_general	retailer
user14606	physical_attribute	red hair
user14606	like_goto	0 library
user14606	live_in_general	coast
user14607	has_profession	teacher
user14607	like_activity	video games
user14607	like_activity	singing
user14607	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user14607	like_movie	magic mike
user14608	misc_attribute	lust
user14608	physical_attribute	hears voices
user14608	has_hobby	collecting
user14608	like_food	cakes
user14609	teach	children
user14609	misc_attribute	ocd
user14609	member_of	church
user14610	place_origin	france
user14610	other	vegan
user14610	favorite_food	taco
user14610	school_status	student
user14610	like_activity	drawing
user14611	have_chidren	4 children
user14611	like_watching	game of thrones
user14611	like_activity	walking
user14611	have_pet	cat
user14612	like_activity	cooking
user14612	like_animal	dog
user14612	misc_attribute	happy
user14613	physical_attribute	short
user14613	have_sibling	4 sibling
user14614	like_music	classic
user14614	favorite_season	summer
user14614	like_activity	fishing
user14614	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user14615	want_job	animator
user14615	like_music	classical
user14615	has_profession	designer
user14615	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user14616	has_hobby	singing
user14616	misc_attribute	shy
user14616	other	was accepted to participate
user14616	like_activity	singing
user14617	has_profession	receptionist
user14617	other	name is mary
user14617	school_status	student
user14617	has_profession	receptionist
user14618	have	1 new house
user14618	other	gay
user14618	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user14618	has_ability	brewing
user14619	employed_by_general	hotel
user14619	like_activity	video games
user14619	has_hobby	writing
user14619	like_food	junk food
user14620	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user14620	like_activity	sleeping
user14620	misc_attribute	antisocial
user14620	misc_attribute	lazy
user14620	employed_by_general	factory
user14621	misc_attribute	weak
user14621	misc_attribute	religious
user14621	dislike	evil
user14621	misc_attribute	religious
user14622	favorite_animal	dolphins
user14622	like_watching	youtube
user14622	like_activity	making lets plays
user14623	misc_attribute	organized
user14623	has_hobby	couponing
user14623	like_general	saving money
user14623	want_job	artist
user14623	like_activity	shopping
user14624	like_goto	water
user14624	live_in_general	away from parents
user14624	like_general	cartoons
user14624	like_general	audiobookms
user14624	have_family	mother
user14625	have	large mustache
user14625	other	recovering alcoholic
user14625	live_in_general	condo
user14626	like_animal	fish
user14626	like_activity	board games
user14626	has_profession	athlete
user14626	has_profession	driver
user14626	have_chidren	4 daughter
user14627	like_read	history
user14627	has_profession	technician
user14627	like_sports	softball
user14628	misc_attribute	moral
user14628	has_hobby	fishing
user14629	like_food	ice cream
user14629	like_music	rock
user14629	has_profession	work as a contractor for a cab company
user14629	attend_school	online
user14629	marital_status	engaged
user14630	want	weather
user14630	school_status	graduated
user14630	place_origin	outside the us
user14630	have_family	big family
user14630	like_food	all
user14631	have	husband
user14631	has_profession	nurse
user14631	like_goto	national parks
user14631	has_ability	play instrument
user14631	marital_status	married
user14632	like_animal	fish
user14632	like_activity	board games
user14632	have_chidren	4 daughter
user14632	has_profession	athlete
user14632	has_profession	driver
user14633	own	iphone 7
user14633	have	allergy
user14633	like_drink	chocolate
user14634	has_profession	welder
user14634	other	gay
user14634	other	carnivore
user14634	like_activity	video games
user14635	like_food	hummus
user14635	other	mother
user14635	has_profession	nurse
user14635	misc_attribute	bipolar
user14635	want	child
user14636	want_job	animator
user14636	like_music	classical
user14636	has_profession	graphic designer
user14636	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user14637	member_of	other club
user14637	live_in_general	ranch
user14637	physical_attribute	brunette
user14637	like_goto	outdoors
user14637	has_age	21
user14638	have	0 parents
user14638	like_activity	travel alone
user14638	favorite_food	steak
user14638	misc_attribute	smart
user14638	dislike	sleeping
user14639	like_food	pasta
user14639	like_food	cookies
user14639	school_status	student
user14639	like_activity	painting
user14640	like_food	<blank>
user14640	like_activity	chatting with friends
user14640	like_activity	cooking
user14640	like_general	children
user14641	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user14641	like_general	pens
user14641	has_hobby	writing
user14641	want_do	make more money
user14642	dislike	flowers
user14642	has_ability	making clothing
user14642	like_general	jimmy fallon
user14642	has_ability	play instrument
user14642	physical_attribute	going bald
user14643	like_activity	working out
user14643	has_ability	play instrument
user14643	school_status	student
user14643	other	name is kevin
user14643	want_job	software engineer
user14644	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user14644	school_status	did not graduate
user14645	has_profession	aquarium builder
user14645	have_sibling	6 brother
user14646	has_profession	scientist
user14646	physical_attribute	tall
user14646	like_music	the beatles
user14646	has_hobby	gymnastics
user14647	have_sibling	6 sister
user14647	like_sports	boston celtics
user14647	like_activity	walking
user14647	employed_by_general	a small
user14648	has_ability	single
user14648	like_movie	superhero
user14648	like_general	iphone
user14648	own	2 monitors
user14648	own	ebooks
user14649	has_ability	play instrument
user14649	favorite_color	red orange
user14649	like_watching	horror
user14649	<blank>	seeking employment
user14650	have_sibling	2 brother
user14650	school_status	student
user14650	want_do	produce music
user14650	like_goto	library
user14651	attend_school	homeschool
user14651	dislike	people
user14651	has_ability	scream
user14651	like_animal	<blank>
user14651	misc_attribute	artistic
user14652	school_status	student
user14652	have_family	only child
user14652	have_pet	dog
user14653	live_in_general	farm
user14653	has_profession	salesman
user14653	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user14653	like_food	beets
user14654	has_degree	bachelors
user14654	has_profession	teacher
user14654	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user14654	have_pet	dog
user14655	have	nice smile
user14655	misc_attribute	friendly
user14655	like_activity	working out
user14655	misc_attribute	mean
user14655	like_general	makeup
user14656	have_pet	2 dog
user14656	job_status	employed
user14656	like_general	<blank>
user14656	like_goto	movie theater
user14657	favorite_animal	zebra
user14657	attend_school	preschool
user14657	like_activity	dance
user14657	gender	female
user14657	like_activity	outdoors
user14658	member_of	hobby club
user14658	have_pet	fish
user14658	has_hobby	donating clothes
user14658	has_profession	poet
user14659	want_do	<blank>
user14659	misc_attribute	personable
user14659	other	has driven race car
user14659	misc_attribute	dishonest
user14659	misc_attribute	physical
user14660	job_status	employed
user14660	want_job	doctor
user14660	job_status	employed
user14661	like_activity	game halo
user14661	favorite_color	yellow
user14661	employed_by_general	magazine
user14661	like_read	<blank>
user14661	like_activity	working out
user14662	own	wear contacts
user14662	physical_attribute	athletic
user14662	physical_attribute	brunette
user14662	like_food	carrots
user14662	like_activity	cycling
user14663	employed_by_general	distributor
user14663	marital_status	married
user14663	like_music	taylor swift
user14664	like_sports	tennis
user14664	like_animal	animals
user14664	favorite_color	green
user14664	want_job	singer
user14665	<blank>	play instrument
user14665	have_family	sibling
user14665	has_hobby	geocache
user14665	has_profession	psychologist
user14665	like_food	chocolate
user14666	like_general	snow
user14666	like_activity	surfing
user14666	employed_by_general	hotel
user14666	want_do	go to college
user14667	want	mermaid
user14667	have_sibling	4 sibling
user14667	like_drink	iced tea
user14667	dislike	heights
user14668	have_chidren	4 children
user14668	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user14668	like_read	<blank>
user14669	misc_attribute	literal
user14669	job_status	employed
user14669	misc_attribute	aspergers
user14669	misc_attribute	smart
user14670	have_pet	3 pets
user14670	want_job	veterinarian
user14670	like_animal	<blank>
user14670	like_goto	gym
user14670	other	dieting
user14671	has_hobby	martial arts
user14671	has_age	10
user14671	has_profession	safety patrol
user14671	like_read	harry potter
user14672	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user14672	have_chidren	4 daughter
user14672	have_pet	2 dog
user14672	has_ability	play instrument
user14672	like_food	cake
user14673	have_pet	dog
user14673	physical_attribute	beard
user14673	like_sports	cycling
user14673	like_activity	football
user14673	gender	male
user14674	has_profession	design video games
user14674	job_status	unemployed
user14674	has_profession	designer
user14675	dislike	heights
user14675	have_sibling	4 sibling
user14675	want	mermaid
user14676	has_hobby	tap dancing
user14676	favorite_book	david copperfield
user14676	have_sibling	twin brother
user14676	has_hobby	baking
user14677	has_ability	throwing parties
user14677	want_do	<blank>
user14677	like_food	honey
user14677	favorite_animal	monkey
user14678	misc_attribute	distrustful
user14678	like_general	the library
user14678	want	be alone
user14678	like_activity	competition
user14679	like_food	chocolate
user14679	like_watching	anime
user14679	own	2 laptops
user14679	own	garden
user14680	like_music	pink
user14680	want_job	aide
user14680	job_status	employed
user14681	like_animal	animals
user14681	like_activity	reading
user14681	employed_by_general	hotel
user14681	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user14681	like_food	chicken
user14682	like_activity	working out
user14682	like_read	<blank>
user14682	favorite_color	yellow
user14682	employed_by_general	magazine
user14683	has_profession	designer
user14683	has_profession	design video games
user14683	job_status	unemployed
user14684	have	condo
user14684	like_activity	cycling
user14684	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user14684	like_general	blue
user14685	like_general	place
user14685	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user14685	has_ability	not technology
user14685	misc_attribute	savage
user14685	misc_attribute	depressed
user14686	other	vegan
user14686	has_profession	nurse
user14686	like_read	<blank>
user14686	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user14686	have	2 smartphones
user14687	has_profession	travel agent
user14687	favorite_place	jamaica
user14687	like_activity	working out
user14687	like_activity	traveling
user14688	has_hobby	traveling
user14688	have	home
user14688	has_profession	programmer
user14688	has_ability	3 speak language
user14688	other	traveling to japan
user14689	has_ability	play instrument
user14689	other	shoe size
user14689	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user14689	want_job	journalist
user14689	have_pet	1 dog
user14690	has_hobby	traveling
user14690	attend_school	university
user14690	has_profession	construction
user14691	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user14691	have_family	2 children
user14691	like_food	kale
user14691	have_pet	2 cat
user14692	other	vegan
user14692	like_sports	hockey
user14692	has_hobby	yoga
user14692	like_watching	sport
user14693	like_music	the rolling stones
user14693	dislike	caffeine
user14693	have	1 job
user14693	like_activity	guitar
user14694	physical_attribute	overweight
user14694	like_movie	godfather
user14694	like_food	candy
user14694	gender	male
user14695	have_pet	dog
user14695	has_profession	photographer
user14695	like_activity	drinking
user14695	have	tattoos
user14696	has_profession	writer
user14696	marital_status	married
user14696	have_family	10 niece
user14696	like_goto	museum
user14696	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user14697	have	3 roomates
user14697	other	parents are teachers
user14697	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user14697	other	piercing
user14697	have_sibling	sister
user14698	have	t-shirt and jeans
user14698	attend_school	university
user14698	like_food	candy
user14698	have	crush
user14699	employed_by_company	del taco
user14699	favorite_music_artist	up
user14699	like_food	french fries
user14699	has_ability	fall up stairs
user14699	have_vehicle	bicycle
user14700	have_sibling	3 sibling
user14700	other	has not left country
user14700	has_hobby	hiking
user14700	job_status	employed
user14701	other	was on the news
user14701	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user14702	has_hobby	found blogs
user14702	like_activity	reading
user14702	has_hobby	writing
user14702	have	thoughts
user14702	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user14703	has_age	18
user14703	want_do	major in business
user14703	have	scholarship
user14703	school_status	graduated
user14703	have_vehicle	car
user14704	misc_attribute	frustrated
user14704	like_activity	rock climbing
user14704	other	mother 2 daughters
user14704	misc_attribute	people person
user14705	have_family	mother
user14705	has_hobby	blogging
user14705	like_general	line drying clothing
user14705	other	allergies
user14705	want	ferret
user14706	employed_by_general	online company
user14706	other	soccer mom
user14706	has_ability	cook
user14706	like_general	family time
user14707	like_sports	surfing
user14707	has_profession	mechanic
user14707	have_pet	1 dog
user14707	have_vehicle	car
user14708	like_activity	drawing and painting
user14708	like_general	blue
user14708	have_vehicle	car
user14708	own	house
user14708	job_status	employed
user14709	like_activity	sewing
user14709	like_general	katy perry
user14709	has_profession	baker
user14709	have	a few friends
user14710	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user14710	like_food	taco
user14710	like_watching	movies
user14710	have_pet	cat
user14711	dislike	dad
user14711	like_activity	fashion
user14711	have	"drivers license"
user14711	like_music	kurt cobain
user14712	has_hobby	exercise
user14712	misc_attribute	social
user14712	like_sports	swimming
user14712	attend_school	university
user14713	want_do	retire to florida
user14713	own	music store
user14713	has_hobby	musician
user14714	have_pet	4 dog
user14714	like_activity	swimming
user14714	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user14714	dislike	green eggs and ham
user14715	like_activity	playing outside
user14715	has_age	4
user14715	have_family	father
user14715	have_family	mother
user14715	have	princess bed
user14716	has_hobby	hiking
user14716	have_pet	2 dog
user14716	has_ability	speak language
user14716	want_do	move
user14716	has_profession	artist
user14717	employed_by_general	retailer
user14717	have_vehicle	ford
user14717	like_drink	coke
user14717	has_hobby	shopping
user14717	like_general	katy perry
user14718	member_of	hobby club
user14718	have	cell phone
user14718	other	cat person
user14718	like_drink	alcohol
user14719	have_pet	skunk
user14719	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user14719	have	green nails
user14720	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user14720	have_pet	dog
user14720	other	bad genetics
user14720	like_drink	coffee
user14721	own	upholstery shop
user14721	have_chidren	grandchildren
user14721	marital_status	married
user14721	live_in_general	by a lake
user14721	other	mother
user14722	like_animal	animals
user14722	job_status	employed
user14722	other	vegetarian
user14722	like_activity	sewing
user14722	employed_by_company	peta
user14723	like_drink	iced tea
user14723	want_job	author
user14723	has_hobby	writing
user14723	like_goto	museum
user14724	like_activity	crocheting
user14724	teach	6 teaching
user14724	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user14724	has_hobby	singing
user14724	has_hobby	volley ball
user14725	live_in_general	on lake
user14725	physical_attribute	average american youth
user14725	dislike	school
user14725	misc_attribute	romantic
user14725	like_activity	walking
user14726	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user14726	like_food	fast
user14726	like_general	weather
user14726	has_profession	national guard officer
user14727	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user14727	like_general	weather
user14727	like_food	fast
user14727	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user14727	has_profession	national guard officer
user14728	other	viking
user14728	like_activity	fishing
user14728	have	beard
user14728	live_in_general	a cold location
user14729	favorite	costco
user14729	has_hobby	cloud watching
user14729	has_profession	salesman
user14729	misc_attribute	shy
user14730	like_music	country
user14730	have_pet	dog
user14730	like_activity	bathing
user14730	like_activity	working out
user14731	have_chidren	children
user14731	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user14731	have_chidren	mother
user14731	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14732	like_goto	broadway shows
user14732	attend_school	university
user14732	has_hobby	traveling
user14732	like_sports	steelers
user14733	teach	kids
user14733	like_general	religion
user14733	have_pet	3 dog
user14733	like_sports	bicycling
user14733	have	personal trainer
user14734	like_animal	all
user14734	like_activity	hiking
user14734	like_general	natural world beauty
user14735	has_ability	3 speak language
user14735	other	has not gone home recently
user14735	has_profession	programmer
user14735	other	traveling to japan
user14736	have_pet	10 cat
user14736	job_status	employed
user14736	dislike	asparagus
user14736	physical_attribute	long red hair
user14736	like_food	blue jello
user14737	marital_status	widow
user14737	have_sibling	6 sibling
user14737	have	2 broken arm
user14737	misc_attribute	social
user14738	like_activity	singing
user14738	misc_attribute	shy
user14738	have_pet	dog
user14738	misc_attribute	content
user14739	dislike	friend group
user14739	has_hobby	basketball
user14739	has_ability	feeling lost
user14739	have_chidren	2 son
user14740	like_activity	travel
user14740	other	have never been on the west coast
user14741	have_family	parents
user14741	like_general	headsets
user14741	like_activity	travel
user14741	own	iphone
user14742	like_activity	singing
user14742	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user14742	want	to take over the world
user14742	have	nickname
user14743	like_read	<blank>
user14743	have	no television
user14743	has_profession	teacher
user14743	dislike	pizza
user14744	have_chidren	2 children
user14744	has_profession	doctor
user14745	like_general	cabins in the woods
user14745	like_activity	swimming
user14745	has_hobby	traveling
user14745	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user14746	own	mansion
user14746	has_profession	rapper
user14746	has_ability	play instrument
user14746	have_vehicle	ferrari
user14747	like_goto	florida
user14747	other	mild ocd
user14747	has_profession	freelance accountant
user14747	dislike	social situations
user14747	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user14748	like_activity	reading
user14748	has_hobby	writing
user14748	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user14748	has_hobby	found blogs
user14748	have	thoughts
user14749	favorite	third-party softtware
user14749	like_activity	watching videos
user14749	have_pet	dog
user14749	like_food	pumpkins
user14749	favorite_food	shrimp
user14750	like_activity	hanging out
user14750	like_sports	fan
user14750	want_job	entrepreneur
user14750	like_activity	politics
user14750	have_vehicle	car
user14751	have_chidren	<blank>
user14751	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user14751	job_status	employed
user14751	place_origin	texas
user14751	like_sports	basketball
user14752	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user14752	have_pet	4 cat
user14752	have_sibling	sister
user14752	other	vegetarian
user14752	job_status	employed
user14753	has_ability	speak language
user14753	want_do	save money
user14753	dislike	subtitles
user14753	like_watching	anime
user14754	want_do	propose
user14754	has_degree	graduate
user14754	has_profession	coach
user14755	like_general	red
user14755	like_activity	hiking
user14755	misc_attribute	afraid of snakes
user14756	like_food	fruit
user14756	favorite_food	apple
user14756	like_food	apple
user14756	like_food	apple
user14757	physical_attribute	brunette
user14757	has_profession	author
user14757	like_activity	sleeping
user14757	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user14758	have_vehicle	car
user14758	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user14758	like_sports	running
user14758	have_pet	2 dog
user14759	like_goto	beach
user14759	job_status	employed
user14759	like_general	blue
user14759	marital_status	married
user14760	have_pet	dog
user14760	other	carnivore
user14760	misc_attribute	educated
user14760	employed_by_company	<blank>
user14761	have_pet	3 dog
user14761	marital_status	married
user14761	like_general	flowers
user14761	have_chidren	2 children
user14762	has_hobby	community theater
user14762	other	parents are doctors
user14762	like_general	love
user14762	want_job	actor
user14762	school_status	student
user14763	like_activity	travel
user14763	<blank>	travel
user14764	like_activity	snorkeling
user14764	like_activity	travel
user14764	like_food	fruit
user14764	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user14764	like_general	apple products
user14765	have_chidren	3 daughter
user14765	like_activity	scuba diving
user14765	has_profession	police
user14765	place_origin	kansas
user14766	has_profession	barista
user14766	like_activity	playing jazz piano
user14766	has_ability	speak language
user14766	like_activity	hiking
user14767	has_hobby	sewing
user14767	employed_by_company	grocery store
user14767	like_activity	swimming
user14767	like_activity	baking
user14768	like_read	fantasy
user14768	has_ability	sorting books
user14768	want_job	journalist
user14769	like_general	shoes
user14769	favorite_book	jane austen
user14769	like_food	fish
user14769	have_vehicle	boat
user14769	live_in_general	near the ocean
user14770	job_status	employed
user14770	has_hobby	building furniture
user14770	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user14770	have	bowled a 300 twice
user14771	like_goto	starbucks
user14771	have_pet	cat
user14771	favorite_food	subway
user14771	like_goto	antique stores
user14771	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user14772	school_status	graduate student
user14772	school_status	student
user14772	other	early
user14772	school_status	student
user14773	misc_attribute	smart
user14773	want	money
user14774	has_profession	chef
user14774	have_pet	parrot
user14774	place_origin	baton rouge
user14775	physical_attribute	curly
user14775	favorite_food	onion
user14775	like_activity	gardening
user14775	misc_attribute	independent
user14776	physical_attribute	attractive
user14776	physical_attribute	red skin
user14776	have	allergies
user14776	like_animal	cat
user14777	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user14777	want_job	teacher
user14777	has_hobby	kayaking
user14777	misc_attribute	friendly
user14777	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user14778	want_do	video games
user14778	employed_by_company	scrubway
user14778	attend_school	university
user14778	like_music	country
user14778	misc_attribute	optimistic
user14779	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user14779	like_food	italian cuisine
user14779	job_status	volunteer
user14779	like_music	concerts
user14779	has_profession	librarian
user14780	have_chidren	3 daughter
user14780	has_hobby	baking
user14780	have_family	daughter
user14780	gender	female
user14781	employed_by_general	it
user14781	has_hobby	weed
user14781	like_music	rap
user14781	like_food	meat
user14782	have_pet	2 dog
user14782	has_profession	teacher
user14782	have_chidren	2 children
user14783	employed_by_general	bookstore
user14783	physical_attribute	pink hair
user14783	live_in_general	city
user14783	have	girlfriend
user14784	other	dieting
user14784	like_goto	gym
user14784	have_pet	3 pets
user14784	like_animal	<blank>
user14784	want_job	veterinarian
user14785	has_profession	waiter
user14785	have	boyfriend
user14785	has_hobby	jogging
user14785	has_ability	donor
user14786	other	free spirit
user14786	like_general	family and fun
user14786	dislike	working
user14786	like_activity	survivalism
user14787	like_music	country
user14787	have_vehicle	truck
user14787	like_watching	sport
user14787	like_food	meat
user14787	like_activity	hunting
user14788	have_pet	koi
user14788	has_ability	play instrument
user14788	has_hobby	gardening
user14788	has_profession	musician
user14788	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user14789	have	appeared on jeopardy
user14789	misc_attribute	unstable
user14789	like_activity	refurbishing
user14789	like_activity	pottery
user14790	misc_attribute	old soul
user14790	misc_attribute	passionate
user14790	want	voice
user14790	misc_attribute	unstable
user14790	physical_attribute	have back pain
user14791	has_ability	singing
user14791	like_activity	painting
user14791	want_job	writer
user14791	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user14792	like_activity	video games
user14792	physical_attribute	blonde
user14792	like_activity	ballet
user14792	favorite_color	purple
user14793	like_music	indie
user14793	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user14793	want_job	teacher
user14793	dislike	some foods
user14794	like_activity	singing
user14794	school_status	student
user14794	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user14794	has_profession	coffee shop
user14794	have_pet	cat
user14795	like_food	tuna fish
user14795	favorite_music	rock opera
user14795	physical_attribute	brunette
user14795	like_food	gummy worms
user14795	like_read	science fiction
user14796	want	voice
user14796	physical_attribute	have back pain
user14796	misc_attribute	passionate
user14796	misc_attribute	old soul
user14796	misc_attribute	unstable
user14797	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user14797	has_profession	teacher
user14797	like_music	metal
user14797	have_chidren	2 son
user14798	have_vehicle	camper
user14798	previous_profession	veteran
user14798	like_activity	working out
user14798	has_profession	truck driver
user14799	has_profession	writer
user14799	have_pet	1 dog
user14799	like_activity	rock climbing
user14799	like_food	gluten free
user14799	physical_attribute	hair is black
user14800	like_food	cheese
user14800	like_music	backstreet boys
user14800	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user14800	has_age	under 50
user14801	like_activity	working out
user14801	have_pet	dog
user14801	like_activity	bathing
user14801	like_music	country
user14802	have_chidren	2 children
user14802	has_profession	businessman
user14802	like_activity	singing
user14802	has_hobby	martial arts
user14803	like_activity	baking
user14803	previous_profession	nurse
user14803	like_activity	painting
user14803	like_activity	wrestling
user14803	has_profession	cartographer
user14804	job_status	employed
user14804	like_goto	park
user14804	has_hobby	video games
user14804	like_sports	running
user14805	has_hobby	hiking
user14805	have_vehicle	prius
user14805	like_activity	relieving myself
user14806	own	casino
user14806	other	bankrupt
user14806	has_profession	president
user14806	other	rich
user14806	previous_profession	casino owner
user14807	like_food	food with no animal product
user14807	favorite_music_artist	muse
user14807	employed_by_company	walmart
user14808	like_activity	chatting with friends
user14808	like_activity	shopping
user14808	like_general	children
user14808	like_activity	cooking
user14808	like_food	<blank>
user14809	misc_attribute	artistic
user14809	like_watching	anime
user14809	like_read	comics
user14809	like_activity	role play
user14809	has_hobby	reading
user14810	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user14810	has_ability	speak language
user14810	own	an edged weapon
user14810	have	started a fire
user14811	like_activity	watching television
user14811	favorite_music	metal
user14811	has_profession	commercials
user14812	dislike	spiders
user14812	has_profession	computer technician
user14812	like_drink	chai tea
user14812	own	black clothes
user14813	like_food	cheetos
user14813	dislike	mexican food
user14813	like_activity	skiing
user14813	have_family	wife
user14814	like_activity	cosplay
user14814	like_activity	watching television
user14814	has_hobby	renaissance fairs
user14814	favorite_show	game of thrones
user14814	job_status	employed
user14815	school_status	student
user14815	physical_attribute	short
user14815	like_watching	stars
user14815	want	porsche
user14815	has_hobby	pet
user14816	physical_attribute	tall
user14816	has_profession	designer
user14816	physical_attribute	overweight
user14816	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user14817	has_profession	artist
user14817	have_chidren	4 children
user14817	like_activity	walking
user14817	like_watching	game of thrones
user14818	favorite	rose
user14818	place_origin	texas
user14818	like_activity	horseback riding
user14818	like_activity	baking
user14819	like_activity	travel
user14819	like_general	place
user14819	<blank>	<blank>
user14819	like_activity	building
user14819	physical_attribute	tall
user14820	like_activity	investing
user14820	like_sports	soccer
user14820	employed_by_company	nike
user14820	place_origin	<blank>
user14820	have_sibling	3 brother
user14821	other	walking
user14821	misc_attribute	helpful
user14821	live_in_general	city
user14821	like_goto	market
user14822	have_chidren	2 children
user14822	has_degree	law
user14822	have_vehicle	suv
user14822	have_pet	3 dog
user14823	live_in_general	country
user14823	have_pet	horse
user14823	physical_attribute	pregnant
user14824	marital_status	single
user14824	like_read	<blank>
user14824	employed_by_general	doctors office
user14824	favorite	flower is a lily
user14824	like_animal	dog
user14825	has_hobby	philosophy
user14825	have	tattoo
user14825	like_music	concerts
user14826	school_status	student
user14826	like_activity	partying
user14826	attend_school	university
user14826	employed_by_general	restaurant
user14827	other	vegan
user14827	has_profession	nurse
user14827	have	2 smartphones
user14827	like_read	<blank>
user14828	has_hobby	drinking
user14828	misc_attribute	responsible
user14828	like_drink	any drinks
user14829	has_hobby	puzzles
user14829	has_profession	teacher
user14829	like_music	country
user14829	has_profession	writer
user14830	has_ability	speak language
user14830	have_family	father
user14830	favorite_food	ravioli
user14831	has_ability	play instrument
user14831	own	mansion
user14831	has_profession	rapper
user14831	live_in_citystatecountry	japan
user14831	have_vehicle	ferrari
user14832	like_activity	fixing
user14832	like_music	classic rock
user14832	like_activity	darts
user14832	employed_by_general	large company
user14833	has_ability	baking
user14833	attend_school	law school
user14833	other	birth date
user14834	school_status	student
user14834	want_job	veterinarian
user14834	like_sports	field hockey
user14834	like_animal	dog
user14835	have_pet	1 dog
user14835	misc_attribute	dull
user14835	dislike	paying bills
user14835	misc_attribute	lazy
user14836	has_age	43
user14836	has_hobby	traveling
user14836	physical_attribute	tattooed
user14836	has_profession	truck driver
user14837	favorite_book	jane austen
user14837	like_food	fish
user14837	live_in_general	near the ocean
user14837	have_vehicle	boat
user14838	has_age	9
user14838	physical_attribute	buff
user14838	physical_attribute	tall
user14838	dislike	vegetables
user14838	like_activity	running
user14839	has_hobby	reading
user14839	like_goto	park
user14839	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user14839	employed_by_general	museum
user14840	place_origin	farm
user14840	have	fibromyalgia
user14840	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user14840	like_activity	reading
user14840	like_activity	beadworking
user14841	has_profession	0 clerk
user14841	physical_attribute	thin
user14841	place_origin	baltimore
user14842	have	1 new house
user14842	other	gay
user14842	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user14842	has_ability	brewing
user14843	other	dieting
user14843	like_music	classical
user14843	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user14843	want	to become male model
user14843	other	had cancer
user14844	has_hobby	hiking
user14844	other	<blank>
user14844	other	has not left country
user14844	have_sibling	3 sibling
user14845	member_of	retirement home
user14845	like_activity	baking
user14846	misc_attribute	responsible
user14846	has_hobby	drinking
user14847	has_profession	nurse
user14847	have	2 smartphones
user14847	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user14847	like_read	<blank>
user14848	like_activity	cooking
user14848	have_pet	3 dog
user14848	like_activity	fishing
user14848	want	someone
user14849	misc_attribute	happy
user14849	has_ability	sing many songs
user14849	like_music	the lumineers
user14849	like_activity	reading
user14850	has_hobby	cycling
user14850	has_profession	waiter
user14850	marital_status	single
user14851	favorite	rose
user14851	has_profession	waiter
user14851	physical_attribute	long and brown hair
user14851	have_chidren	daughter
user14852	favorite_place	seattle
user14852	physical_attribute	broke nose
user14852	employed_by_general	factory
user14852	like_music	jazz
user14852	want	bike
user14853	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user14853	live_in_general	farm
user14853	has_profession	salesman
user14854	job_status	unemployed
user14854	like_watching	sun rise
user14854	want_do	exercise
user14854	like_activity	watching sunsets
user14854	has_profession	<blank>
user14855	job_status	employed
user14855	has_profession	baseball player
user14855	have_chidren	3 children
user14855	has_profession	baseball player
user14855	attend_school	miami university
user14856	misc_attribute	organized
user14856	want_job	artist
user14856	like_activity	shopping
user14856	like_general	saving money
user14857	has_profession	truck driver
user14857	like_activity	singing
user14857	have_chidren	3 children
user14857	place_origin	trailer park
user14857	like_food	wings
user14858	has_profession	teacher
user14858	has_hobby	kayaking
user14858	school_status	2016 graduated
user14859	employed_by_general	home
user14859	like_activity	social media
user14859	have_pet	<blank>
user14859	live_in_general	bed
user14860	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user14860	marital_status	married
user14860	like_activity	cooking
user14861	dislike	kissing
user14861	misc_attribute	above average
user14861	like_activity	gossiping
user14861	misc_attribute	organized
user14862	has_profession	sales
user14862	has_hobby	answer cellphone
user14862	misc_attribute	make things right
user14862	misc_attribute	<blank>
user14863	like_read	fantasy
user14863	has_ability	sorting books
user14863	want_job	journalist
user14864	physical_attribute	red hair
user14864	has_hobby	cooking
user14864	has_hobby	running
user14864	have_pet	2 dog
user14865	attend_school	university
user14865	like_activity	painting
user14865	want_do	painting
user14865	physical_attribute	blonde
user14866	like_activity	dressing up
user14866	want_do	procedures
user14866	want	happy
user14866	like_general	her
user14867	has_hobby	writing
user14867	dislike	0 <blank>
user14867	want_job	author
user14867	has_ability	novel writing
user14868	have_pet	horse
user14868	employed_by_general	indie band
user14868	like_drink	beer
user14869	have	seashells
user14869	has_profession	yoga instruction
user14869	have_pet	2 dog
user14869	have_chidren	1 son
user14869	like_general	horses
user14870	like_music	imagine dragons
user14870	like_activity	running
user14870	like_activity	fly model airplane
user14870	like_food	crab
user14871	marital_status	widow
user14871	have_sibling	6 sibling
user14871	misc_attribute	social
user14871	have	2 broken arm
user14872	misc_attribute	competitive
user14872	like_goto	canada
user14872	has_hobby	bicycling
user14872	other	name
user14873	like_general	gadgets
user14873	like_activity	socialize
user14873	like_general	babies
user14873	like_activity	drawing
user14873	have_chidren	5 children
user14874	have_pet	cat
user14874	has_ability	speak language
user14874	have	1 blue eye
user14875	has_hobby	video games
user14875	job_status	employed
user14875	like_sports	running
user14875	favorite_color	green
user14876	misc_attribute	religious
user14876	misc_attribute	weak
user14876	dislike	evil
user14877	other	recovering alcoholic
user14877	previous_profession	reporter
user14877	live_in_general	condo
user14877	have	large mustache
user14878	misc_attribute	social
user14878	member_of	other club
user14878	misc_attribute	smart
user14878	attend_school	high school
user14879	like_activity	football
user14879	other	christian
user14879	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user14880	have_sibling	sister
user14880	dislike	waiting in line
user14880	like_music	justin bieber
user14880	have	photo
user14881	employed_by_general	army
user14881	have_vehicle	prius
user14881	physical_attribute	freckles
user14881	like_read	romance
user14882	has_profession	baker
user14882	like_activity	hunting
user14882	like_general	katy perry
user14882	have	a few friends
user14882	like_activity	sewing
user14883	has_hobby	travel
user14883	like_watching	games shows
user14883	misc_attribute	religious
user14883	misc_attribute	unstable
user14884	want_do	<blank>
user14884	live_in_general	pig farm
user14884	dislike	animals in general
user14884	have	allergies
user14885	other	vegetarian
user14885	job_status	employed
user14885	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user14885	other	catholic
user14885	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user14886	like_activity	reading
user14886	misc_attribute	religious
user14886	other	wrote a book
user14886	marital_status	single
user14887	have	princess bed
user14887	have_family	mother
user14887	has_age	4
user14887	have_family	father
user14887	like_activity	playing outside
user14888	other	orphan
user14888	like_animal	dog
user14888	previous_profession	pilot
user14888	place_origin	nevada
user14888	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user14889	like_general	place
user14889	want_do	travel
user14889	other	wild child
user14889	have_pet	2 dog
user14889	favorite_color	red
user14890	physical_attribute	broke nose
user14890	want	bike
user14890	like_music	jazz
user14890	favorite_place	seattle
user14890	employed_by_general	factory
user14891	like_watching	foreign
user14891	like_activity	learning
user14891	misc_attribute	complex
user14891	own	computer
user14891	want_do	speak language
user14892	like_activity	horseback riding
user14892	like_activity	riding
user14892	other	eat less meat than usual
user14892	like_general	cars
user14892	have	homes
user14893	has_hobby	tennis
user14893	like_watching	comedy
user14893	<blank>	<blank>
user14893	favorite_color	green
user14894	other	vegan
user14894	favorite	bob ross
user14894	has_profession	accountant
user14894	has_hobby	hiking
user14895	want_do	traveling
user14895	have_pet	cat
user14896	misc_attribute	confident
user14896	physical_attribute	good eyesight
user14896	other	democrat
user14896	like_food	fish
user14897	has_profession	actor
user14897	has_hobby	filmmaking
user14897	has_profession	actor
user14897	previous_profession	actor
user14897	has_profession	actor
user14898	has_profession	artist
user14898	have_chidren	2 son
user14898	have_family	parents
user14898	have	a house
user14898	misc_attribute	incomplete
user14899	have	boyfriend
user14899	have_pet	cat
user14899	favorite_drink	coffee
user14899	has_hobby	gymnastics
user14900	like_general	shoes
user14900	live_in_general	near the ocean
user14900	favorite_book	jane austen
user14900	have_vehicle	boat
user14900	like_food	fish
user14901	like_activity	cycling
user14901	own	wear contacts
user14901	physical_attribute	athletic
user14901	physical_attribute	brunette
user14902	other	bankrupt
user14902	previous_profession	casino owner
user14902	has_profession	president
user14902	other	rich
user14902	own	casino
user14903	other	vegan
user14903	have_sibling	2 brother
user14903	misc_attribute	romantic
user14903	employed_by_general	laboratory
user14904	has_profession	attorney
user14904	have	beard
user14904	like_watching	comedy
user14904	like_activity	fashion
user14905	school_status	student
user14905	like_food	cookies
user14905	like_food	ice cream
user14905	like_activity	painting
user14906	job_status	employed
user14906	marital_status	married
user14906	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user14906	want_job	musician
user14906	has_profession	factory worker
user14907	have_family	0 mother
user14907	like_goto	comedy clubs
user14907	place_origin	england
user14907	like_general	model building
user14907	like_activity	camping
user14908	employed_by_general	museum
user14908	has_hobby	reading
user14908	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user14908	like_goto	park
user14908	other	not many friends
user14909	like_music	rap
user14909	have_vehicle	car
user14909	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user14909	have_vehicle	car
user14909	favorite	california love
user14910	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user14910	has_profession	dental assistant
user14910	like_activity	clubbing
user14910	own	universe
user14911	want_job	army
user14911	employed_by_company	army rangers
user14911	like_general	deployment
user14911	marital_status	married
user14912	like_activity	shopping
user14912	have	phone
user14912	like_general	the night
user14912	like_activity	basketball
user14913	dislike	winter
user14913	misc_attribute	risky
user14913	want_job	smithsonian
user14913	favorite_show	csi
user14914	has_ability	sleep
user14914	like_sports	running
user14914	like_food	hamburgers
user14914	dislike	winter
user14915	have	10 piercings
user14915	<blank>	smoking
user14915	like_activity	driving
user14916	like_food	fish
user14916	have_pet	dog
user14916	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user14916	like_activity	video games
user14916	like_activity	racing rc cars
user14917	favorite_book	tale of genji
user14917	physical_attribute	purple hair
user14917	job_status	employed
user14918	like_read	<blank>
user14918	other	epileptic
user14918	have_chidren	1 son
user14918	like_activity	swimming
user14919	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user14919	have_chidren	3 children
user14919	like_activity	cooking
user14919	has_ability	2 speak language
user14919	marital_status	married
user14920	have_pet	2 <blank>
user14920	has_age	30
user14920	marital_status	married
user14920	like_activity	walking
user14921	like_sports	soccer
user14921	has_profession	finance
user14921	dislike	coffee
user14921	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user14921	live_in_general	apartment
user14922	other	character
user14922	have_pet	reptile
user14922	job_status	internship
user14922	want_do	skydiving
user14923	favorite_color	yellow
user14923	want_job	architect
user14923	has_profession	wedding planner
user14923	like_music	80s
user14923	like_general	ghost
user14924	like_activity	fashion
user14924	like_goto	thrift shops
user14924	has_profession	teacher
user14924	like_activity	sewing
user14924	like_general	recycling
user14925	have_pet	dog
user14925	like_read	books
user14925	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user14926	physical_attribute	red hair
user14926	like_goto	0 library
user14926	employed_by_general	retailer
user14926	like_food	food with no animal product
user14926	live_in_general	coast
user14927	has_ability	1 speak language
user14927	like_activity	talking on the phone
user14927	like_activity	gambling
user14927	like_activity	hiking
user14928	has_hobby	tennis
user14928	has_profession	baker
user14928	have_sibling	2 sister
user14929	<blank>	<blank>
user14929	like_activity	drawing
user14929	<blank>	<blank>
user14929	have_chidren	5 children
user14929	like_music	all genres
user14930	misc_attribute	romantic
user14930	have_sibling	2 brother
user14930	employed_by_general	laboratory
user14930	like_activity	sleeping in
user14930	other	vegan
user14931	want	procedures
user14931	want	happy
user14931	like_activity	dressing up
user14932	job_status	employed
user14932	employed_by_company	facebook
user14932	like_activity	donate time
user14932	have_pet	2 dog
user14933	want_do	traveling
user14933	like_activity	cooking
user14933	have_pet	cat
user14934	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user14934	have	0 traveled.
user14934	employed_by_general	dog walker
user14935	like_music	classical
user14935	like_sports	golf
user14935	employed_by_general	<blank>
user14935	like_general	my work
user14935	marital_status	married
user14936	have_family	adopted
user14936	misc_attribute	cold
user14936	have_family	only child
user14936	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user14936	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14937	attend_school	high school
user14937	like_general	mother
user14937	misc_attribute	organized
user14937	like_activity	watching television
user14937	like_activity	music
user14938	have_pet	2 dog
user14938	has_hobby	cooking
user14938	has_hobby	running
user14938	physical_attribute	red hair
user14938	like_general	tall men
user14939	has_ability	marathon runner
user14939	like_general	morning
user14939	favorite	apple
user14939	like_sports	swimming
user14940	favorite	actress
user14940	want	faster computer
user14940	dislike	summer
user14940	like_activity	standing in the rain
user14941	like_food	sushi
user14941	gender	female
user14941	like_animal	dog
user14941	own	car
user14942	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user14942	like_activity	reading
user14942	job_status	employed
user14942	have_pet	cat
user14943	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user14943	has_profession	accountant
user14943	have_vehicle	car
user14943	have_pet	2 dog
user14943	like_sports	running
user14944	like_activity	shopping
user14944	like_general	fashion
user14944	attend_school	university
user14944	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user14945	like_activity	painting
user14945	has_profession	car salesman
user14946	like_activity	dressing up
user14946	like_general	her
user14946	want	happy
user14947	have_family	only child
user14947	like_general	red
user14947	school_status	student
user14947	have_pet	dog
user14948	attend_school	dental
user14948	like_general	silver
user14948	have	1 rose tattoo
user14948	employed_by_general	clinic
user14949	like_activity	cooking
user14949	like_activity	swimming
user14950	like_food	non-gmo
user14950	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user14950	has_profession	cashier
user14950	like_general	cold weather
user14951	live_in_general	country
user14951	physical_attribute	pregnant
user14951	have_pet	horse
user14952	has_ability	play instrument
user14952	has_ability	play instrument
user14952	have_pet	1 dog
user14953	like_activity	singing
user14953	has_age	23
user14953	favorite	daisy
user14953	employed_by_general	real estate
user14953	marital_status	dating
user14954	have_chidren	3 daughter
user14954	have_family	daughter
user14954	has_hobby	baking
user14954	gender	female
user14955	have	house
user14955	misc_attribute	lazy
user14955	other	vegetarian
user14955	like_food	meat
user14956	other	name is mary
user14956	school_status	student
user14956	has_profession	receptionist
user14956	school_status	student
user14957	has_hobby	football
user14957	like_goto	league
user14957	misc_attribute	determined
user14957	member_of	sports team
user14957	has_hobby	football
user14958	favorite_color	orange
user14958	have	3 roommate
user14958	have_pet	parakeet
user14958	like_food	gummy bears
user14958	other	lactose intolerant
user14959	like_read	1984
user14959	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user14959	school_status	student
user14959	attend_school	university
user14959	like_read	books
user14960	misc_attribute	generous
user14960	like_general	smelling my own farts
user14960	place_origin	san francisco
user14960	like_general	blame
user14961	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user14961	has_ability	digital art
user14961	favorite_book	stephen king
user14961	favorite_hobby	reading
user14962	other	braces
user14962	has_age	15
user14962	attend_school	high school
user14963	gender	70 male
user14963	have	5 grandchildren
user14963	have_vehicle	boat
user14963	<blank>	<blank>
user14963	like_activity	fishing
user14964	has_profession	driver
user14964	like_animal	fish
user14964	has_profession	athlete
user14964	have_chidren	4 daughter
user14965	like_food	meatloaf
user14965	have_pet	dog
user14965	have_vehicle	car
user14966	has_profession	public relations
user14966	place_origin	seattle
user14966	other	vegan
user14966	other	buddhist
user14966	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user14967	like_activity	gardening
user14967	has_age	71
user14967	favorite_food	carrots
user14967	like_food	vegetables
user14968	misc_attribute	shy
user14968	has_profession	salesman
user14968	has_hobby	cloud watching
user14968	favorite	costco
user14968	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user14969	like_music	pink
user14969	like_drink	coffee
user14969	job_status	employed
user14970	physical_attribute	brunette
user14970	physical_attribute	short
user14970	like_activity	sewing
user14970	physical_attribute	overweight
user14971	like_activity	rock climbing
user14971	misc_attribute	angry
user14971	like_general	people
user14971	other	mother 2 daughters
user14972	dislike	kissing
user14972	misc_attribute	above average
user14972	like_activity	gossiping
user14972	like_watching	talk show
user14973	misc_attribute	religious
user14973	misc_attribute	weak
user14973	dislike	evil
user14973	misc_attribute	religious
user14974	have	single bed
user14974	have_vehicle	van
user14974	like_general	winter
user14974	like_general	rain
user14975	have_vehicle	car
user14975	has_profession	mechanic
user14975	have_pet	1 dog
user14975	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user14975	like_sports	surfing
user14976	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user14976	like_music	britney spears
user14976	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user14976	like_activity	traveling
user14976	like_watching	surgery
user14977	has_ability	single
user14977	like_general	iphone
user14977	own	ebooks
user14977	own	2 monitors
user14978	like_read	<blank>
user14978	like_activity	clean
user14978	live_in_general	sister
user14978	have_family	uncle
user14978	misc_attribute	afraid
user14979	like_read	crime
user14979	attend_school	graduate school
user14979	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user14980	have_vehicle	ford
user14980	physical_attribute	tall
user14980	have	hair
user14980	dislike	country
user14980	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user14981	like_sports	swimming
user14981	have	3 best friends
user14981	like_general	sports cars
user14981	has_age	14
user14982	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user14982	has_hobby	horseback riding
user14982	misc_attribute	cold
user14982	have_family	adopted
user14982	have_family	only child
user14983	have	long fingers
user14983	physical_attribute	dumpy
user14983	physical_attribute	long legs
user14983	like_general	skeleton
user14984	like_sports	running
user14984	has_profession	electrician
user14984	has_ability	sleep
user14984	like_food	hamburgers
user14984	dislike	winter
user14985	has_hobby	donating clothes
user14985	has_profession	poet
user14985	have_pet	fish
user14985	member_of	hobby club
user14986	like_watching	anime
user14986	like_animal	cat
user14986	like_activity	being weird
user14986	like_animal	butterfly
user14987	have	broke my arm twice
user14987	marital_status	widow
user14987	have_sibling	6 sibling
user14987	misc_attribute	social
user14988	have_chidren	2 children
user14988	like_activity	singing
user14988	has_profession	businessman
user14988	has_hobby	martial arts
user14989	like_general	internet
user14989	other	vegetarian
user14989	favorite_music	country
user14989	like_activity	baking
user14990	like_general	flowers
user14990	have_chidren	2 children
user14990	have_pet	3 dog
user14990	marital_status	married
user14990	employed_by_general	vet
user14991	school_status	dropped out
user14991	has_ability	read foreign language
user14991	like_activity	reading
user14991	like_activity	reading
user14992	have	50000 subscribers
user14992	has_hobby	youtube
user14992	has_ability	make up
user14992	attend_school	beauty classes
user14992	like_watching	make up tutorials
user14993	want_job	athlete
user14993	favorite_food	spaghetti
user14993	attend_school	elementary school
user14994	favorite_movie	16 candles
user14994	job_status	employed
user14994	like_food	cheesecake
user14994	like_activity	running
user14995	not_have	degree
user14995	like_general	desert
user14995	physical_attribute	eyes
user14995	misc_attribute	above average
user14996	like_animal	lizard
user14996	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user14996	own	hair
user14996	school_status	student
user14997	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user14997	marital_status	married
user14997	has_degree	masters
user14997	own	my home
user14998	like_general	christmas
user14998	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user14998	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user14998	have_chidren	daughter
user14999	favorite_color	green
user14999	other	name is gerald
user14999	like_sports	basketball
user14999	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user14999	like_music	rock
user15000	like_food	sushi
user15000	like_general	blue
user15000	own	car
user15000	gender	female
user15000	like_animal	dog
user15001	like_read	history
user15001	place_origin	new hampshire
user15001	has_profession	teacher
user15001	like_food	mexican cuisine
user15002	favorite_book	the bible
user15002	live_in_general	apartment
user15002	has_hobby	fashion
user15002	like_goto	craft shows
user15002	has_profession	barista
user15003	have_pet	2 dog
user15003	have_pet	2 dog
user15003	like_animal	dog
user15003	has_profession	veterinarian
user15004	want_job	astronaut
user15004	have_vehicle	car
user15004	like_food	lasagna
user15004	have_pet	2 dog
user15004	favorite	penn and teller
user15005	have	birth mother
user15005	other	adopted
user15005	employed_by_general	a local party store
user15005	favorite	christmas
user15006	misc_attribute	forgetful
user15006	have_family	mother
user15006	misc_attribute	0 nervous
user15006	have	boyfriend
user15006	favorite_food	spaghetti
user15007	other	named after my grandmother
user15007	have	friend
user15007	own	honda civic
user15007	like_activity	walking
user15008	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user15008	like_activity	manicures
user15008	have_chidren	son
user15008	other	allergic to cats
user15009	like_food	cheese
user15009	gender	female
user15009	like_music	frank sinatra
user15009	like_watching	spongebob
user15009	like_activity	cooking
user15010	like_watching	sport
user15010	has_hobby	singing
user15010	like_activity	napping
user15010	physical_attribute	blue eyes
user15011	has_hobby	working out
user15011	like_sports	basketball
user15011	like_watching	sport
user15011	have	many cars
user15012	job_status	unemployed
user15012	physical_attribute	bald
user15012	dislike	0 taco
user15012	favorite_drink	chocolate
user15013	like_activity	role play
user15013	like_read	comics
user15013	has_hobby	reading
user15013	misc_attribute	artistic
user15013	like_watching	anime
user15014	like_activity	drawing
user15014	has_hobby	biking
user15014	have_sibling	5 sibling
user15014	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user15014	has_profession	waitress
user15015	like_general	cardigans
user15015	misc_attribute	unsure
user15015	have_family	step dad
user15015	have	last name is spanish
user15016	misc_attribute	regretful
user15016	dislike	<blank>
user15016	dislike	feeling controlled
user15016	misc_attribute	critic
user15017	have_chidren	children
user15017	has_hobby	camping
user15017	have_chidren	mother
user15017	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user15017	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15018	like_animal	dragon
user15018	have_family	grandchild
user15018	has_hobby	driving
user15018	like_general	sunshine
user15019	like_activity	card game
user15019	physical_attribute	"cant whistle"
user15019	have_pet	4 pet
user15019	live_in_citystatecountry	apartment
user15019	favorite_food	jello
user15020	has_profession	finance
user15020	dislike	coffee
user15020	live_in_general	apartment
user15020	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user15021	attend_school	high school
user15021	misc_attribute	healthy
user15021	member_of	other club
user15021	misc_attribute	social
user15022	attend_school	in a year
user15022	want	any car
user15022	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user15022	have_family	parents
user15023	like_animal	dog
user15023	has_hobby	walking
user15023	marital_status	single
user15023	like_activity	play league of legends
user15023	has_profession	gamer
user15024	like_activity	singing
user15024	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user15024	favorite	halo 3
user15024	<blank>	<blank>
user15025	like_goto	broadway shows
user15025	favorite_music_artist	avett brother
user15025	attend_school	university
user15025	like_sports	steelers
user15025	has_hobby	traveling
user15026	like_activity	working out
user15026	has_profession	writer
user15026	marital_status	engaged
user15027	want	truck
user15027	employed_by_general	hospital
user15027	favorite	toyota cars
user15027	like_general	vote
user15027	dislike	overtime
user15028	other	vegetarian
user15028	like_animal	animals
user15028	job_status	employed
user15028	like_activity	sewing
user15029	physical_attribute	eyes
user15029	like_food	meat
user15029	like_general	desert
user15030	like_general	pens
user15030	has_hobby	writing
user15030	want	i did not have to work
user15030	want_do	make more money
user15031	marital_status	married
user15031	has_age	30
user15031	have_pet	2 <blank>
user15031	have_chidren	2 children
user15032	gender	female
user15032	like_activity	crocheting
user15032	have_chidren	5 children
user15032	like_animal	cat
user15033	dislike	riding the bus
user15033	like_general	littlest things
user15033	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user15033	job_status	employed
user15034	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user15034	like_general	my image
user15034	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user15034	want	mom was healthier
user15034	want	to go to another school
user15035	misc_attribute	savage
user15035	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user15035	other	stuck in the past
user15035	like_general	place
user15036	like_goto	"farmers market"
user15036	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user15036	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user15036	has_ability	play instrument
user15036	employed_by_general	university
user15037	like_food	meat
user15037	has_degree	0 college
user15037	like_general	desert
user15037	physical_attribute	eyes
user15038	other	saw a solar eclipse
user15038	has_hobby	walking
user15038	have	high speed internet
user15038	has_profession	security guard
user15038	has_hobby	chess
user15039	have_pet	dog
user15039	employed_by_company	<blank>
user15040	misc_attribute	intelligent
user15040	has_profession	janitor
user15040	like_general	place
user15040	like_drink	whiskey
user15041	like_food	meat
user15041	like_activity	painting
user15041	has_profession	car salesman
user15042	have_chidren	1 son
user15042	like_activity	walking
user15042	have	bakery
user15042	misc_attribute	funny
user15043	other	sarah
user15043	has_hobby	reading
user15043	has_profession	teacher
user15043	has_profession	teacher
user15043	has_hobby	watching television
user15044	like_general	blue
user15044	like_food	sushi
user15044	own	car
user15044	gender	female
user15044	like_animal	dog
user15045	live_in_general	home
user15045	school_status	student
user15045	other	commutes
user15045	have	2 science classes
user15046	has_hobby	fishing
user15046	like_music	charlie daniels
user15046	place_origin	tennessee
user15046	have_pet	dog
user15047	like_activity	reading
user15047	misc_attribute	happy
user15047	has_ability	sing many songs
user15047	like_music	the mutineers
user15048	like_general	cold winters
user15048	like_music	strange music
user15048	want	to be able to write in cursive
user15048	want	something interesting
user15048	want	live in iceland
user15049	have_vehicle	car
user15049	job_status	employed
user15049	like_activity	drawing and painting
user15049	like_general	blue
user15049	own	house
user15050	has_ability	make videos
user15050	has_profession	youtuber
user15050	have_pet	cat
user15051	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user15051	like_activity	singing
user15051	have_vehicle	moped
user15051	<blank>	<blank>
user15051	favorite	halo 3
user15052	like_activity	dancing
user15052	like_goto	school
user15052	physical_attribute	6 tall
user15052	other	tall family.
user15052	like_activity	running
user15053	like_activity	cooking
user15053	like_food	<blank>
user15053	like_activity	shopping
user15053	like_activity	chatting with friends
user15054	have_pet	dog
user15054	like_food	meatloaf
user15054	have_vehicle	car
user15054	like_music	0 toto
user15055	dislike	death
user15055	like_activity	filming
user15055	misc_attribute	crazy
user15055	like_activity	making people smile
user15055	has_ability	bad lying
user15056	have	terrible singing voice
user15056	has_profession	cook
user15056	has_hobby	writing
user15056	has_hobby	hiking
user15057	like_activity	tennis
user15057	like_music	chainsmokers
user15057	has_profession	lifeguard
user15057	like_activity	travel
user15058	other	walking
user15058	misc_attribute	helpful
user15058	live_in_general	city
user15059	has_hobby	biking
user15059	has_profession	waitress
user15059	have_sibling	5 sibling
user15059	like_activity	drawing
user15059	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user15060	favorite	holiday is halloween
user15060	have_pet	dog
user15060	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user15060	own	bike
user15060	like_drink	milk shakes
user15061	<blank>	smoking
user15061	have	10 piercings
user15061	like_activity	driving
user15061	misc_attribute	friendly
user15061	favorite_food	italian
user15062	favorite_color	green
user15062	has_profession	baseball player
user15062	like_read	history
user15062	has_ability	play instrument
user15063	job_status	volunteer
user15063	live_in_citystatecountry	pittsburgh
user15063	has_profession	librarian
user15063	like_food	italian cuisine
user15063	like_music	concerts
user15064	dislike	summer
user15064	want	faster computer
user15064	favorite	actress
user15064	like_activity	standing in the rain
user15065	has_profession	marketing
user15065	want	spouse
user15065	physical_attribute	well put together
user15065	has_hobby	working out
user15065	have_family	no sibling
user15066	has_profession	roofer
user15066	have	a beer
user15066	have_vehicle	truck
user15066	like_sports	football
user15066	favorite_food	steak
user15067	want_do	make more money
user15067	want	i did not have to work
user15067	has_hobby	writing
user15067	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user15067	like_general	pens
user15068	favorite_food	pizza
user15068	like_activity	walking
user15068	like_general	being myself
user15068	like_music	dream theater
user15069	like_food	sweets
user15069	other	jack of all trades
user15069	misc_attribute	unsociable
user15069	misc_attribute	careful
user15070	favorite	toyota cars
user15070	dislike	overtime
user15070	want	truck
user15070	employed_by_general	hospital
user15071	own	iphone 7
user15071	like_drink	chocolate
user15071	have	allergy
user15072	physical_attribute	long legs
user15072	have	long fingers
user15072	other	am dumpy
user15072	like_general	skeleton
user15073	have	eyebrow piercing
user15073	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user15073	have_sibling	sister
user15073	have	3 roomates
user15073	other	parents are teachers
user15074	other	vegetarian
user15074	has_ability	dance
user15074	like_activity	singing
user15074	has_ability	play instrument
user15074	like_general	going to bed late
user15075	favorite_color	orange
user15075	dislike	running
user15075	have_chidren	child
user15075	have_pet	2 cat
user15076	job_status	seeking employment
user15076	other	colour blind
user15076	has_ability	3 speak language
user15076	have_chidren	2 children
user15076	favorite_music_artist	rush
user15077	misc_attribute	shy
user15077	physical_attribute	allergic
user15077	like_food	vegetables
user15077	have	trouble connecting with family
user15078	live_in_general	home
user15078	employed_by_general	library
user15078	school_status	student
user15078	other	commutes
user15079	have_chidren	children
user15079	like_activity	singing
user15079	marital_status	not married
user15079	like_sports	basketball
user15079	has_hobby	hunting
user15080	favorite_food	cheesecake
user15080	marital_status	married
user15080	own	money
user15080	misc_attribute	bored
user15080	have_chidren	children
user15081	want	vacation
user15081	job_status	employed
user15081	have	too be perfect
user15081	misc_attribute	slow
user15081	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user15082	own	miscelaneous stuff
user15082	job_status	seeking employment
user15082	has_degree	graduate
user15082	misc_attribute	impressed
user15083	like_food	ice cream
user15083	school_status	student
user15083	like_food	pasta
user15083	like_food	cookies
user15083	like_activity	painting
user15084	physical_attribute	eyes
user15084	like_general	desert
user15084	has_degree	0 college
user15084	like_food	meat
user15085	like_animal	cat
user15085	has_profession	baker
user15085	has_hobby	video games
user15085	other	am lesbian
user15086	like_read	in a series
user15086	like_activity	driving
user15086	like_goto	restaurant
user15086	like_general	to chat with my friends
user15086	like_goto	movie theater
user15087	like_animal	animals
user15087	school_status	student
user15087	like_music	country
user15087	like_read	<blank>
user15088	have_vehicle	ford
user15088	have	name
user15088	attend_school	university
user15088	has_age	25
user15088	has_ability	play instrument
user15089	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user15089	other	catholic
user15089	job_status	employed
user15089	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user15090	attend_school	graduate school
user15090	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user15090	marital_status	divorced
user15091	have_vehicle	prius
user15091	dislike	tofu
user15091	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15092	physical_attribute	hair is black
user15092	have_pet	1 dog
user15092	like_activity	rock climbing
user15092	has_profession	writer
user15092	like_food	gluten free
user15093	like_food	cheese
user15093	dislike	driving
user15093	like_music	backstreet boys
user15093	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15094	school_status	student
user15094	has_profession	receptionist
user15094	school_status	student
user15094	has_profession	receptionist
user15094	other	name is mary
user15095	misc_attribute	antisocial
user15095	misc_attribute	lazy
user15095	like_activity	sleeping
user15095	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15096	has_hobby	volunteering
user15096	like_activity	sewing
user15096	has_ability	bird calls
user15096	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user15097	marital_status	married
user15097	have_pet	cat
user15097	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user15097	dislike	writing
user15098	favorite_season	winter
user15098	dislike	swimsuit
user15099	like_music	jazz
user15099	like_general	things
user15099	misc_attribute	romantic
user15099	like_general	dolls
user15100	misc_attribute	family attention
user15100	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user15100	have_pet	2 cat
user15100	like_general	exclamation marks
user15100	like_activity	video games
user15101	misc_attribute	religious
user15101	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user15101	favorite	donna karen clothes
user15101	has_profession	teacher
user15102	like_activity	filming
user15102	misc_attribute	crazy
user15102	has_ability	bad lying
user15102	dislike	death
user15103	want_job	musician
user15103	school_status	student
user15104	like_activity	skiing
user15104	favorite_place	florida
user15104	has_hobby	singing
user15105	has_ability	sleep
user15105	favorite_activity	computer time
user15105	want_do	texting
user15106	like_general	candles
user15106	like_activity	photography
user15106	dislike	rising early
user15106	like_activity	spending money
user15107	like_food	food with no animal product
user15107	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user15107	favorite_music_artist	muse
user15108	like_read	agatha christie
user15108	has_hobby	growing sunflowers
user15108	employed_by_general	church
user15108	have_chidren	5 children
user15109	has_profession	surgeon
user15109	have_chidren	1 daughter
user15110	has_profession	finance
user15110	has_ability	play instrument
user15110	want_job	teacher
user15110	have_chidren	son
user15110	school_status	graduated
user15111	favorite	superman
user15111	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user15111	like_drink	pepsi
user15111	have_vehicle	toyota
user15112	have_family	parents
user15112	has_hobby	video games
user15112	like_watching	anime
user15112	has_hobby	sketching
user15112	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user15113	like_activity	investing
user15113	place_origin	<blank>
user15113	like_sports	soccer
user15113	employed_by_company	nike
user15113	have_sibling	3 brother
user15114	marital_status	married
user15114	misc_attribute	insecure
user15114	want	corvette
user15114	other	<blank>
user15115	like_general	baking
user15115	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user15115	like_activity	walking
user15115	like_watching	plays
user15116	have_family	parents
user15116	like_watching	anime
user15116	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user15116	has_hobby	sketching
user15116	has_hobby	video games
user15117	like_activity	sleeping
user15117	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15117	misc_attribute	antisocial
user15117	employed_by_general	factory
user15117	misc_attribute	lazy
user15118	other	adopted
user15118	dislike	future
user15118	have_family	mother
user15119	misc_attribute	smart
user15119	want	money
user15119	have_pet	dog
user15120	like_activity	living in texas
user15120	dislike	pudding
user15120	like_music	ke ha
user15120	have	friend
user15120	want_do	drugs
user15121	dislike	country
user15121	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user15121	have_vehicle	ford
user15122	member_of	dance team
user15122	like_activity	dance
user15122	attend_school	high school
user15123	like_activity	reading
user15123	have_pet	cat
user15123	like_food	tuna
user15123	has_profession	librarian
user15124	like_activity	shopping
user15124	like_activity	dance
user15124	like_food	burrito
user15124	like_food	pizza
user15125	other	vegan
user15125	like_watching	game of thrones
user15125	like_sports	soccer
user15125	favorite_food	mashed potatoes
user15126	physical_attribute	hungry
user15126	want	corvette
user15126	marital_status	married
user15126	other	<blank>
user15126	misc_attribute	insecure
user15127	has_profession	nurse
user15127	like_activity	surfing
user15127	marital_status	married
user15127	other	childhood
user15128	member_of	band
user15128	have_pet	horse
user15128	like_drink	beer
user15128	live_in_general	city
user15129	like_general	sports cars
user15129	has_age	14
user15129	have	3 best friends
user15129	favorite_activity	research race cars
user15129	like_sports	swimming
user15130	have_family	8 brother
user15130	physical_attribute	short
user15130	other	beard
user15131	like_goto	canada
user15131	other	name
user15131	misc_attribute	competitive
user15131	has_hobby	bicycling
user15131	has_profession	manager
user15132	misc_attribute	determined
user15132	member_of	sports team
user15132	like_goto	league
user15132	has_hobby	football
user15133	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user15133	job_status	employed
user15133	other	catholic
user15133	has_ability	not swim
user15134	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user15134	other	premature
user15134	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user15135	like_activity	cooking
user15135	place_origin	austin
user15135	want_do	photography
user15135	like_general	social media
user15136	misc_attribute	artistic
user15136	like_read	comics
user15136	like_activity	role play
user15136	like_watching	anime
user15137	like_activity	baking
user15137	like_general	shoes
user15137	like_activity	laughing
user15138	like_general	taking her to the park
user15138	live_in_general	apartment
user15138	has_age	25
user15138	have_chidren	daughter
user15139	have_pet	cat
user15139	has_profession	editing
user15139	live_in_general	"parents house"
user15139	have_family	1 father
user15140	favorite_movie	16 candles
user15140	like_food	cheesecake
user15140	have_chidren	2 children
user15140	like_activity	running
user15140	job_status	employed
user15141	has_hobby	shopping
user15141	have_vehicle	ford
user15141	like_drink	coke
user15141	like_general	katy perry
user15142	dislike	socializing
user15142	like_general	winning
user15142	misc_attribute	attentive
user15142	like_drink	coffee
user15143	want_job	actor
user15143	like_general	love
user15143	other	parents are doctors
user15143	school_status	student
user15144	job_status	employed
user15144	misc_attribute	coulrophobia
user15144	have_sibling	sister
user15144	other	vegetarian
user15144	have_pet	4 cat
user15145	has_profession	driver
user15145	like_animal	fish
user15145	have_chidren	4 daughter
user15145	like_activity	board games
user15145	has_profession	athlete
user15146	have_pet	cat
user15146	job_status	unemployed
user15146	favorite_season	summer
user15146	have_family	mother
user15147	like_sports	soccer
user15147	have_family	parents
user15147	favorite_movie	disney movies
user15147	has_profession	waitress
user15148	like_read	<blank>
user15148	other	am diabetic
user15148	have_vehicle	<blank>
user15148	dislike	traffic
user15149	like_activity	video games
user15149	have_pet	<blank>
user15149	like_activity	social media
user15149	live_in_general	bed
user15149	employed_by_general	home
user15150	like_sports	basketball
user15150	favorite_color	green
user15150	like_music	rock
user15150	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user15150	other	name is gerald
user15151	has_hobby	driving
user15151	have	10 tattoos
user15151	has_age	adult
user15152	want	travel
user15152	has_profession	farmer
user15152	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user15152	have_pet	2 dog
user15152	favorite_music	rock
user15153	like_activity	going to bars
user15153	like_activity	cooking
user15153	job_status	retired
user15153	like_activity	working out
user15154	own	cell phone
user15154	other	cat person
user15154	like_drink	alcohol
user15154	member_of	hobby club
user15155	want_do	retire to florida
user15155	own	music store
user15155	has_hobby	musician
user15155	other	like to help animals
user15156	other	gene to detect asparagus
user15156	like_drink	coffee
user15156	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user15156	have_pet	dog
user15157	has_profession	businessman
user15157	has_hobby	martial arts
user15157	like_activity	singing
user15158	physical_attribute	round
user15158	physical_attribute	short
user15158	misc_attribute	smart
user15158	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user15158	like_activity	reading
user15159	like_activity	video games
user15159	dislike	1 cooking
user15159	have_family	mother
user15159	physical_attribute	long hair
user15160	want	parents
user15160	dislike	school
user15160	has_profession	business man
user15160	has_ability	300 speak language
user15161	have	10 piercings
user15161	favorite_food	italian
user15161	like_activity	driving
user15162	own	agency
user15162	gender	female
user15162	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user15162	marital_status	married
user15163	has_profession	musician
user15163	job_status	employed
user15163	<blank>	<blank>
user15163	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user15164	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user15164	like_general	summer
user15164	have_chidren	2 children
user15164	like_food	mexican cuisine
user15165	has_ability	3 speak language
user15165	has_profession	programmer
user15165	other	has not gone home recently
user15165	has_hobby	traveling
user15166	have	girlfriend
user15166	have	never flown on an airplane
user15166	like_activity	tailgate parties
user15166	has_profession	farmer
user15167	attend_school	high school
user15167	member_of	dance team
user15167	like_activity	dance
user15167	like_watching	disney movies
user15168	dislike	waking up in the morning
user15168	other	see therapist
user15169	want	win lottery
user15169	like_food	all
user15169	like_music	rock
user15169	have_vehicle	car
user15169	employed_by_general	large company
user15170	has_hobby	bicycling
user15170	like_goto	canada
user15170	misc_attribute	competitive
user15170	has_profession	manager
user15171	like_drink	coffee
user15171	like_food	meatloaf
user15171	want_do	<blank>
user15171	own	2 packs
user15172	have	money
user15172	like_food	macaroni
user15172	has_profession	car maker
user15172	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user15173	have_pet	cat
user15173	own	rose garden
user15173	like_drink	coffee
user15173	like_activity	swimming
user15174	has_profession	driver
user15174	has_hobby	camping
user15174	has_profession	truck driver
user15174	have_chidren	2 children
user15175	school_status	student
user15175	like_music	electronic
user15175	want	move to another country
user15175	have	debt
user15175	like_goto	nature
user15176	misc_attribute	depressed
user15176	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user15176	want_job	professional eater
user15176	dislike	cleaning
user15177	have	large mustache
user15177	previous_profession	reporter
user15177	other	recovering alcoholic
user15177	live_in_general	condo
user15178	has_hobby	dancing
user15178	attend_school	graduate school
user15178	attend_school	high school
user15178	have_family	only child
user15179	want_job	animator
user15179	has_profession	graphic design
user15179	like_music	classical
user15179	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user15180	attend_school	michigan
user15180	favorite_season	summer
user15180	school_status	graduated
user15180	like_food	taco
user15180	want_job	doctor
user15181	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user15181	has_profession	waitress
user15181	has_hobby	biking
user15181	have_sibling	5 sibling
user15182	have_family	step dad
user15182	have	last name is spanish
user15182	like_general	cardigans
user15182	dislike	dad
user15182	misc_attribute	unsure
user15183	like_activity	surfing
user15183	marital_status	married
user15183	has_profession	nurse
user15183	has_profession	baker
user15183	other	childhood
user15184	have_chidren	2 children
user15184	employed_by_company	aldi
user15184	favorite_movie	titanic
user15184	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user15185	has_profession	photographer
user15185	have	tattoos
user15185	like_animal	dog
user15185	like_activity	drinking
user15186	place_origin	deep south
user15186	dislike	seafood
user15186	like_activity	hunting
user15187	have_pet	4 cat
user15187	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user15187	like_music	metallica
user15187	employed_by_general	grocery store
user15188	like_music	ke ha
user15188	have	friend
user15188	like_activity	living in texas
user15188	dislike	pudding
user15189	have	2 roommate
user15189	like_activity	cooking
user15189	dislike	clowns
user15189	have_pet	2 dog
user15190	own	cds
user15190	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user15190	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user15190	has_ability	play instrument
user15191	physical_attribute	short
user15191	misc_attribute	smart
user15191	like_activity	reading
user15191	physical_attribute	big face cheeks
user15191	physical_attribute	round
user15192	like_movie	godfather
user15192	like_food	candy
user15192	gender	male
user15192	physical_attribute	overweight
user15192	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user15193	have_pet	2 cat
user15193	like_activity	video games
user15193	nationality	canada
user15194	has_ability	lie
user15194	has_hobby	painting
user15194	have	won lottery
user15194	has_hobby	painting
user15195	other	christian
user15195	like_activity	football
user15195	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15195	favorite_music_artist	kings of leon
user15196	has_hobby	gardening
user15196	like_activity	cooking
user15196	live_in_general	small city
user15196	have_chidren	children
user15196	have_pet	cat
user15197	have_family	only child
user15197	like_sports	swimming
user15197	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user15197	like_food	spicy
user15198	favorite_color	purple
user15198	dislike	science
user15198	job_status	seeking employment
user15199	job_status	employed
user15199	physical_attribute	purple hair
user15200	have	allergies
user15200	physical_attribute	attractive
user15200	like_animal	cat
user15200	physical_attribute	red skin
user15201	have_pet	cat
user15201	have_vehicle	car
user15201	has_profession	youtuber
user15201	has_ability	make videos
user15202	other	help with bookeeping
user15202	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user15202	like_food	food with no animal product
user15202	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user15202	employed_by_general	grocery store
user15203	has_hobby	band
user15203	has_ability	play instrument
user15203	misc_attribute	sociable
user15203	want_job	director
user15204	like_sports	football
user15204	have_vehicle	truck
user15204	favorite_food	steak
user15204	have	a beer
user15204	has_profession	roofer
user15205	like_animal	dog
user15205	like_watching	plays
user15205	like_general	baking
user15205	like_activity	walking
user15205	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user15206	has_profession	lifeguard
user15206	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user15206	like_activity	spreading happiness
user15206	like_music	katy perry
user15206	have_vehicle	convertible
user15207	like_watching	make up tutorials
user15207	attend_school	beauty classes
user15207	has_ability	apply make-up
user15207	have	50000 subcribers
user15207	has_hobby	youtube
user15208	other	vegan
user15208	want	be millionaire
user15208	has_hobby	yoga
user15208	like_sports	hockey
user15209	has_hobby	walking
user15209	want	educated
user15209	favorite	mileena
user15209	have	something purple
user15210	<blank>	<blank>
user15210	like_music	country
user15210	has_ability	play instrument
user15210	have_pet	dog
user15210	<blank>	<blank>
user15211	like_animal	fish
user15211	employed_by_company	computer company
user15211	school_status	student
user15211	have_chidren	5 children
user15212	attend_school	high school
user15212	like_activity	sleeping
user15212	has_hobby	cs and ds
user15212	like_food	sweets
user15212	like_music	bruno mars
user15213	not_have	child
user15213	not_have	car
user15213	live_in_general	park
user15213	has_hobby	listens
user15213	favorite_color	purple
user15214	like_read	pride and prejudice
user15214	favorite	school subject
user15214	like_sports	soccer
user15214	have_pet	dog
user15215	physical_attribute	deaf
user15215	have_pet	dog
user15215	marital_status	single
user15215	favorite_place	mall
user15215	like_sports	tennis
user15216	own	trophies
user15216	like_activity	running
user15216	other	can sim very quickly
user15216	favorite_activity	cooking
user15217	have	6 toes
user15217	have	glasses
user15217	like_read	twilight
user15217	attend_school	elementary
user15218	has_profession	writer
user15218	like_activity	hunting
user15218	like_food	barbecue
user15218	live_in_citystatecountry	missouri
user15219	have_pet	2 dog
user15219	favorite_drink	red wine
user15219	like_activity	gardening
user15219	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user15219	have_chidren	1 child
user15220	like_activity	dance
user15220	like_sports	hockey
user15220	like_activity	running
user15220	physical_attribute	tall
user15220	physical_attribute	asthma
user15221	misc_attribute	above average
user15221	not_have	degree
user15221	physical_attribute	eyes
user15221	like_food	meat
user15222	gender	female
user15222	have_chidren	children
user15222	live_in_general	rural area
user15223	like_goto	beach
user15223	like_activity	partying
user15223	employed_by_general	restaurant
user15223	school_status	student
user15223	attend_school	university
user15224	has_profession	author
user15224	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user15224	like_activity	sleeping
user15224	like_watching	youtube
user15225	like_animal	dog
user15225	like_activity	travel
user15225	place_origin	san francisco
user15225	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user15225	have_sibling	1 sister
user15226	have_pet	4 cat
user15226	like_general	<blank>
user15226	like_activity	skateboarding
user15226	own	30 shoes
user15227	dislike	cleaning
user15227	like_general	blue
user15227	has_hobby	painting
user15227	has_profession	finance
user15227	other	italian american
user15228	has_ability	dance
user15228	other	vegetarian
user15228	has_ability	play instrument
user15228	like_activity	singing
user15229	misc_attribute	distrustful
user15229	dislike	trying new things
user15229	like_activity	competition
user15229	like_general	the library
user15230	misc_attribute	people person
user15230	misc_attribute	frustrated
user15230	other	mother 2 daughters
user15230	like_activity	rock climbing
user15231	like_general	blue
user15231	employed_by_general	military
user15231	have_chidren	1 son
user15231	has_hobby	wrestling
user15232	like_drink	coffee
user15232	want_job	curator
user15232	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user15232	have	been to new york city
user15233	want	go to mars
user15233	have_chidren	3 children
user15233	has_hobby	art
user15233	has_profession	scientist
user15234	like_activity	sleeping
user15234	dislike	traffic
user15234	other	vegetarian
user15234	dislike	beet
user15234	has_ability	cook
user15235	dislike	over eating
user15235	misc_attribute	dull
user15235	misc_attribute	lazy
user15235	have_pet	1 dog
user15236	like_activity	spreading happiness
user15236	has_profession	lifeguard
user15236	like_music	katy perry
user15236	have_vehicle	convertible
user15237	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user15237	has_profession	car maker
user15237	like_sports	water ski
user15237	like_food	macaroni
user15237	have	money
user15238	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user15238	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user15238	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user15238	has_hobby	archery
user15239	like_watching	british
user15239	have	2 grandchildren
user15239	like_animal	animals
user15239	previous_profession	programmer
user15239	has_age	77
user15240	has_ability	fall up stairs
user15240	employed_by_company	del taco
user15240	have_vehicle	bicycle
user15240	like_food	french fries
user15241	like_general	the color blue
user15241	have_vehicle	car
user15241	physical_attribute	blue hair
user15241	own	blue shoes
user15241	like_music	elvis
user15242	has_hobby	collecting
user15242	like_food	cakes
user15242	misc_attribute	lust
user15242	physical_attribute	hears voices
user15242	misc_attribute	argumentative
user15243	other	partially blind
user15243	has_ability	bird calls
user15243	like_activity	sewing
user15243	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user15243	has_hobby	volunteering
user15244	like_food	tuna fish
user15244	favorite_music	rock opera
user15244	physical_attribute	brunette
user15244	like_read	science fiction
user15245	has_ability	cook
user15245	has_profession	at bar
user15245	like_music	country
user15245	has_ability	play instrument
user15245	like_activity	surfing
user15246	has_ability	drive
user15246	dislike	science
user15246	job_status	seeking employment
user15247	has_ability	play instrument
user15247	like_music	drake
user15247	like_activity	cooking
user15247	like_goto	restaurant
user15248	physical_attribute	short
user15248	has_hobby	pet
user15248	misc_attribute	often late
user15248	like_watching	stars
user15249	want_do	propose
user15249	has_degree	graduate
user15250	like_activity	walking
user15250	have_chidren	3 children
user15250	other	named after my grandmother
user15250	own	honda civic
user15251	favorite	hamilton
user15251	has_profession	accountant
user15251	favorite_food	hamburger
user15251	like_general	red
user15251	has_hobby	tennis
user15252	has_profession	designer
user15252	like_general	lamp
user15252	physical_attribute	overweight
user15252	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user15252	physical_attribute	tall
user15253	misc_attribute	intelligent
user15253	has_profession	writer
user15253	has_ability	cook
user15253	has_ability	perfect pitch
user15253	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user15254	other	vegan
user15254	have	an online business
user15254	has_profession	marketing
user15254	has_hobby	yoga
user15255	<blank>	<blank>
user15255	favorite_color	black
user15255	like_activity	singing
user15255	has_hobby	writing
user15256	favorite_place	florida
user15256	like_activity	skiing
user15256	has_hobby	singing
user15257	like_drink	coffee
user15257	has_age	77
user15257	favorite_activity	gardening
user15258	like_general	comics
user15258	job_status	employed
user15258	have_pet	cat
user15258	like_activity	reading
user15258	favorite_music_artist	nightwish
user15259	has_hobby	boat making
user15259	like_activity	fishing
user15259	have_pet	dog
user15259	live_in_general	island
user15260	like_general	being a guy
user15260	like_movie	shows
user15260	have_family	mother
user15260	like_food	burrito
user15260	like_activity	hiking
user15261	like_food	takeout
user15261	school_status	graduated
user15261	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user15261	has_profession	finance
user15262	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user15262	have_chidren	4 children
user15262	like_read	<blank>
user15263	has_ability	play instrument
user15263	other	allergies
user15263	member_of	community center
user15263	physical_attribute	short hair
user15263	like_watching	horror
user15264	school_status	leaving for college in 3 months
user15264	like_food	food with no animal product
user15264	favorite_music_artist	muse
user15264	employed_by_company	walmart
user15265	like_general	anime
user15265	like_goto	comic-con
user15265	like_music	techno
user15265	own	band tees
user15266	has_profession	author
user15266	like_food	green tea
user15266	<blank>	<blank>
user15266	like_activity	writing
user15266	like_watching	mystery
user15267	have	car
user15267	like_food	potato
user15267	has_profession	accountant
user15267	gender	male
user15268	have_chidren	3 children
user15268	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15268	marital_status	married
user15268	like_activity	cooking
user15269	other	gay
user15269	has_hobby	sketching
user15269	like_watching	anime
user15269	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user15269	has_hobby	video games
user15270	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user15270	has_hobby	football
user15270	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user15270	like_read	fiction
user15271	place_origin	georgia
user15271	has_ability	play instrument
user15271	like_food	chocolate
user15272	other	vegetarian
user15272	school_status	will study computer science
user15272	like_activity	video games
user15272	attend_school	uc santa cruz
user15273	live_in_general	country
user15273	have_pet	horse
user15274	favorite_food	ice cream
user15274	has_profession	construction
user15274	has_hobby	traveling
user15274	attend_school	university
user15275	favorite_season	summer
user15275	school_status	graduated
user15275	want_job	doctor
user15275	attend_school	university of michigan
user15276	has_hobby	hiking
user15276	has_profession	cook
user15276	has_hobby	writing
user15276	like_general	grateful dead
user15276	have	terrible singing voice
user15277	like_activity	shopping
user15277	live_in_general	small town
user15277	attend_school	university
user15278	own	black car
user15278	own	black purse
user15278	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user15278	like_music	rock
user15278	like_general	wearing black clothing
user15279	has_hobby	traveling
user15279	like_activity	dancing
user15279	has_profession	technician
user15280	have	too be perfect
user15280	want	vacation
user15280	misc_attribute	slow
user15280	job_status	employed
user15281	employed_by_general	military
user15281	like_general	blue
user15281	has_age	25
user15281	have_chidren	1 son
user15282	like_food	burrito
user15282	have_family	mother
user15282	like_general	being a guy
user15282	like_movie	shows
user15282	like_activity	hiking
user15283	marital_status	single
user15283	physical_attribute	brunette
user15283	like_activity	sleeping in
user15283	favorite_season	fall
user15283	like_food	healthy
user15284	favorite_music	rock
user15284	have_pet	2 dog
user15284	has_profession	farmer
user15284	want	travel
user15284	has_hobby	photography and hiking
user15285	want_do	vacation
user15285	marital_status	married
user15285	has_profession	semi trucks
user15286	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user15286	like_drink	coffee
user15286	physical_attribute	short
user15286	have_pet	dog
user15287	physical_attribute	red hair
user15287	live_in_general	coast
user15287	employed_by_general	retailer
user15287	like_goto	0 library
user15287	like_food	food with no animal product
user15288	marital_status	single
user15288	favorite_food	salad
user15288	like_goto	nature
user15289	like_general	wearing black clothing
user15289	like_music	rock
user15289	own	black car
user15289	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user15290	like_sports	water ski
user15290	favorite_drink	orange juice
user15290	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user15290	other	arnold
user15290	has_age	10
user15291	have_pet	2 dog
user15291	has_profession	veterinarian
user15291	have_pet	2 dog
user15292	misc_attribute	unstable
user15292	dislike	green beans
user15292	has_hobby	travel
user15292	like_watching	games shows
user15293	like_general	cold winters
user15293	want	something interesting
user15293	want	to be able to write in cursive
user15293	like_music	strange music
user15293	want	live in iceland
user15294	like_sports	basketball
user15294	has_age	middle aged
user15294	like_music	religious
user15294	like_general	family
user15295	like_music	folk
user15295	employed_by_general	navy
user15295	other	orphan
user15295	has_degree	communications
user15296	like_general	activism
user15296	like_read	female authors
user15296	like_general	activist work
user15296	has_profession	legal assistant
user15296	like_watching	news
user15297	like_food	burrito
user15297	like_activity	shopping
user15297	like_food	pizza
user15297	like_activity	dance
user15298	other	democrat
user15298	like_food	fish
user15298	misc_attribute	confident
user15299	like_food	fruit
user15299	favorite_food	apple
user15299	like_food	apple
user15299	like_food	apple
user15300	like_food	non-gmo
user15300	has_profession	cashier
user15300	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user15300	like_general	clothes
user15301	own	salon
user15301	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user15301	marital_status	married
user15301	has_profession	hairdresser
user15301	live_in_general	boat
user15302	like_general	red
user15302	like_activity	dance
user15302	have_vehicle	prius
user15302	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user15303	has_ability	play instrument
user15303	have	0 cities
user15303	other	omar
user15303	have_sibling	brother
user15303	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user15304	misc_attribute	excited
user15304	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user15304	like_goto	walmart
user15304	like_animal	cat
user15305	like_read	pride and prejudice
user15305	like_sports	soccer
user15305	favorite	school subject
user15305	have_pet	dog
user15305	have_sibling	sister
user15306	has_ability	novel writing
user15306	has_profession	trainer
user15306	dislike	0 <blank>
user15306	has_hobby	writing
user15307	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user15307	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user15307	like_watching	surgery
user15307	like_activity	traveling
user15307	like_music	britney spears
user15308	like_activity	reading
user15308	marital_status	married
user15308	has_profession	teacher
user15308	favorite_place	beach
user15309	have_family	grandmother
user15309	dislike	salad
user15309	school_status	graduated
user15309	have_family	mother
user15310	like_goto	walmart
user15310	like_general	cold weather
user15310	dislike	heights
user15310	favorite_season	winter
user15310	like_watching	game of thrones
user15311	favorite_activity	computer time
user15311	like_sports	hockey
user15311	has_ability	sleep
user15312	want	more iron in my diet
user15312	have_pet	2 cat
user15312	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user15312	like_food	kale
user15312	have_family	2 children
user15313	like_activity	outdoors
user15313	like_activity	dance
user15313	favorite_animal	zebra
user15313	attend_school	preschool
user15314	other	vegan
user15314	like_music	concerts
user15314	attend_school	umass
user15314	have	tattoo
user15315	has_hobby	kayaking
user15315	want_job	teacher
user15315	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user15315	misc_attribute	friendly
user15315	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user15316	has_ability	play instrument
user15316	have_pet	1 dog
user15316	has_ability	play instrument
user15317	has_hobby	yoga
user15317	like_drink	coffee
user15317	like_food	chocolate
user15317	has_profession	teacher
user15318	other	tom
user15318	misc_attribute	healthy
user15318	other	east asian
user15318	like_food	italian cuisine
user15318	favorite_food	pizza
user15319	have	0 parents
user15319	misc_attribute	smart
user15319	like_activity	travel alone
user15319	dislike	sleeping
user15319	favorite_food	steak
user15320	have	0 traveled.
user15320	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user15320	employed_by_general	dog walker
user15320	like_food	ice cream
user15321	teach	kids
user15321	like_sports	bicycling
user15321	like_general	religion
user15321	have_pet	3 dog
user15322	favorite_movie	good burger
user15322	like_activity	whittling
user15322	other	carnivore
user15322	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user15322	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user15323	want_job	smithsonian
user15323	misc_attribute	risky
user15323	dislike	winter
user15324	has_ability	play instrument
user15324	have_pet	2 dog
user15324	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user15324	have_chidren	4 daughter
user15324	like_food	cake
user15325	like_food	organic
user15325	has_hobby	collect autographs
user15325	like_read	comics
user15325	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user15326	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user15326	dislike	city
user15326	has_ability	play instrument
user15326	have_sibling	brother
user15327	has_profession	librarian
user15327	favorite_drink	pepsi
user15327	has_hobby	reading
user15327	has_hobby	bird watching
user15328	like_activity	sleeping in
user15328	have_sibling	2 brother
user15328	other	vegan
user15328	employed_by_general	laboratory
user15328	misc_attribute	romantic
user15329	like_activity	ballet
user15329	favorite_color	purple
user15330	have	bowled a 300 twice
user15330	has_hobby	building furniture
user15330	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user15330	job_status	employed
user15331	like_food	vegetables
user15331	like_activity	talking on the phone
user15331	like_activity	hiking
user15331	has_ability	1 speak language
user15331	like_activity	gambling
user15332	like_food	chicken
user15332	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user15332	like_animal	animals
user15332	like_activity	reading
user15333	favorite_color	yellow
user15333	like_general	ghost
user15333	has_profession	wedding planner
user15333	want_job	architect
user15334	favorite_sport	football
user15334	has_profession	truck driver
user15334	previous_profession	veteran
user15334	have_vehicle	camper
user15334	like_activity	working out
user15335	like_activity	painting
user15335	favorite_season	spring
user15335	like_activity	walks on the beach
user15335	marital_status	single
user15336	own	inhaler
user15336	have	crush
user15336	has_hobby	tabletop games
user15336	like_activity	rpg computer games
user15336	live_in_general	a home
user15337	want_job	architect
user15337	has_profession	wedding planner
user15337	favorite_color	yellow
user15337	like_general	ghost
user15337	like_music	80 s music
user15338	have	pink hair
user15338	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user15338	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user15338	favorite_hobby	chess
user15338	has_hobby	fencing
user15339	dislike	family
user15339	gender	male
user15339	like_goto	bar
user15339	have_vehicle	jaguar
user15340	has_profession	national guard officer
user15340	like_food	fast
user15340	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user15340	has_profession	public affairs liaison
user15340	like_general	weather
user15341	like_watching	sport
user15341	like_sports	hockey
user15341	has_hobby	yoga
user15341	other	vegan
user15341	want	be millionaire
user15342	employed_by_company	army rangers
user15342	want_job	army
user15342	like_general	deployment
user15342	marital_status	married
user15342	misc_attribute	brave
user15343	have_vehicle	ford
user15343	attend_school	university
user15343	like_movie	action
user15343	like_sports	football
user15344	has_profession	writer
user15344	has_hobby	puzzles
user15344	has_profession	teacher
user15344	like_music	country
user15345	marital_status	single
user15345	favorite_food	salad
user15345	like_goto	nature
user15346	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user15346	have_pet	iguana
user15346	<blank>	<blank>
user15346	like_sports	football
user15346	favorite_movie	star wars
user15347	other	eat out for food
user15347	have	problems
user15347	physical_attribute	glasses
user15347	physical_attribute	short
user15348	favorite_food	chicken
user15348	like_read	autobiographies
user15348	like_music	metallica
user15348	like_goto	gym
user15349	like_activity	roleplay
user15349	like_general	cars
user15349	like_general	morning
user15349	dislike	all
user15350	favorite_color	purple
user15350	dislike	science
user15350	has_ability	drive
user15350	job_status	seeking employment
user15351	has_hobby	"watch jimmy fallons show every night"
user15351	dislike	kissing
user15351	like_activity	gossiping
user15351	misc_attribute	organized
user15352	employed_by_company	military
user15352	like_animal	cat
user15352	like_general	explosions
user15352	like_activity	traveling
user15352	like_food	brownies
user15353	favorite_music	rock
user15353	has_profession	design video games
user15353	dislike	broccoli
user15353	dislike	afraid of the dark
user15354	misc_attribute	distant
user15354	marital_status	married
user15354	has_profession	yoga instruction
user15355	has_hobby	gardening
user15355	own	2 laptops
user15355	like_watching	anime
user15355	like_food	chocolate
user15356	have_pet	horse
user15356	live_in_general	country
user15357	like_goto	0 library
user15357	physical_attribute	red hair
user15357	live_in_general	coast
user15357	like_food	food with no animal product
user15357	employed_by_general	retailer
user15358	have_family	sibling
user15358	like_activity	climbing
user15358	other	disappointment
user15358	like_animal	parrot
user15358	want_do	go to beach
user15359	have_chidren	4 children
user15359	like_read	<blank>
user15359	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user15360	employed_by_company	computer company
user15360	school_status	student
user15360	like_animal	fish
user15361	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user15361	like_read	twilight
user15361	like_music	jason mraz
user15361	want_do	eat: insect
user15361	has_hobby	surfing
user15362	like_activity	hiking
user15362	has_profession	advertising executive
user15362	have_pet	dog
user15362	has_hobby	writing
user15363	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15363	have_family	only child
user15363	have_family	adopted
user15363	employed_by_general	accounting firm
user15364	like_activity	eating
user15364	other	mother
user15364	physical_attribute	attractive
user15364	want	attractive
user15364	physical_attribute	overweight
user15365	like_general	going to bed late
user15365	has_age	29
user15365	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user15365	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user15365	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user15366	school_status	graduated
user15366	place_origin	outside the us
user15366	like_food	all
user15366	have_family	big family
user15367	have_vehicle	<blank>
user15367	other	am diabetic
user15367	like_read	<blank>
user15367	has_hobby	listens
user15368	misc_attribute	always early
user15368	school_status	graduate student
user15368	school_status	student
user15368	has_profession	volunteering
user15369	has_hobby	arguing
user15369	physical_attribute	hears voices
user15369	like_food	cakes
user15369	has_hobby	collecting
user15370	employed_by_company	google
user15370	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user15370	has_profession	engineer
user15370	like_food	lobster
user15370	employed_by_company	google
user15371	previous_profession	lawyer
user15371	has_profession	judge
user15371	want_job	in the federal court
user15371	misc_attribute	fair
user15371	other	albert
user15372	have_vehicle	prius
user15372	like_activity	dance
user15372	like_general	red
user15372	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user15373	have_pet	cat
user15373	have	boyfriend
user15373	favorite_drink	coffee
user15373	has_hobby	gymnastics
user15373	dislike	chalk
user15374	has_profession	writer
user15374	favorite_music	metal
user15374	marital_status	engaged
user15375	dislike	overtime
user15375	want	truck
user15375	employed_by_general	hospital
user15375	favorite	toyota cars
user15375	like_general	vote
user15376	has_hobby	weight lifting
user15376	school_status	student this summer at police academy
user15376	like_drink	water with protein powder
user15377	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user15377	place_origin	alabama
user15377	like_watching	game of thrones
user15377	like_animal	rabbit
user15378	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user15378	have_pet	3 iguana
user15378	other	poor
user15378	like_animal	dog
user15378	have_sibling	brother
user15379	have	boyfriend
user15379	favorite_drink	coffee
user15379	have_pet	cat
user15379	dislike	chalk
user15380	like_sports	hockey
user15380	other	vegan
user15380	like_watching	sport
user15380	has_hobby	yoga
user15381	like_food	cheese
user15381	employed_by_general	factory
user15381	like_activity	travel
user15382	like_activity	swimming
user15382	has_hobby	running
user15382	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user15382	have	medication
user15383	have_sibling	brother
user15383	misc_attribute	quick
user15383	physical_attribute	not a blond
user15383	like_general	food trucks
user15383	own	car
user15384	has_ability	3 speak language
user15384	other	has not gone home recently
user15384	has_hobby	traveling
user15384	has_profession	programmer
user15385	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user15385	own	large ax
user15385	like_general	lumberjacking
user15385	has_hobby	fishing
user15385	like_food	pancakes
user15386	has_profession	waitress
user15386	like_activity	drawing
user15386	have_sibling	5 sibling
user15386	has_hobby	biking
user15386	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user15387	like_food	sweets
user15387	attend_school	high school
user15387	like_music	bruno mars
user15387	has_hobby	cs and ds
user15387	like_activity	sleeping
user15388	like_food	junk food
user15388	dislike	family
user15388	has_hobby	couch potato
user15388	like_watching	horror
user15389	like_read	comics
user15389	own	2 snakes
user15389	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user15389	has_hobby	collect autographs
user15389	like_food	organic
user15390	physical_attribute	tall
user15390	has_profession	scientist
user15390	has_hobby	gymnastics
user15391	have_sibling	1 sister
user15391	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user15391	like_animal	dog
user15391	place_origin	san francisco
user15392	has_profession	cartographer
user15392	like_activity	baking
user15392	like_activity	wrestling
user15392	previous_profession	nurse
user15393	job_status	employed
user15393	like_goto	beach
user15393	like_music	country
user15393	like_read	<blank>
user15394	want	join military when younger
user15394	previous_profession	mechanic
user15394	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user15394	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user15395	want	cool
user15395	like_sports	soccer
user15395	like_activity	working out
user15395	misc_attribute	healthy
user15396	has_hobby	singing
user15396	have_family	grandmother
user15397	favorite_hobby	knitting
user15397	have	2 tattoos
user15397	have_pet	cat
user15397	employed_by_general	office
user15398	have_pet	23 cat
user15398	dislike	fish
user15398	has_hobby	traveling
user15398	like_activity	painting
user15399	have_vehicle	prius
user15399	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15399	dislike	tofu
user15400	has_profession	athlete
user15400	attend_school	university of north carolina
user15400	has_profession	basketball player
user15400	has_hobby	basketball
user15400	has_profession	basketball player
user15401	employed_by_general	hospital
user15401	has_hobby	boating
user15401	like_goto	beach
user15401	has_profession	doctor
user15402	school_status	graduated
user15402	want_do	play
user15402	physical_attribute	tall
user15403	marital_status	divorced
user15403	job_status	employed
user15403	have_family	grandmother
user15403	have_chidren	2 children
user15403	has_profession	bowler
user15404	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user15404	like_activity	swimming
user15404	like_general	cabins in the woods
user15404	has_hobby	traveling
user15405	live_in_general	house
user15405	has_age	10
user15405	like_animal	dogs and cats
user15405	have	friends
user15406	like_goto	park
user15406	employed_by_general	museum
user15406	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user15406	other	not many friends
user15406	has_hobby	reading
user15407	has_profession	cleaner
user15407	marital_status	married
user15407	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user15407	like_activity	cooking
user15408	has_profession	psychologist
user15408	<blank>	play instrument
user15408	like_food	chocolate
user15408	have_family	sibling
user15409	like_general	blue
user15409	own	house
user15409	job_status	employed
user15409	like_activity	drawing and painting
user15409	have_vehicle	car
user15410	favorite_food	taco
user15410	like_activity	drawing
user15410	school_status	student
user15410	place_origin	france
user15410	other	vegan
user15411	employed_by_general	bookstore
user15411	physical_attribute	pink hair
user15411	live_in_general	city
user15412	school_status	graduated
user15412	favorite_season	summer
user15412	like_food	taco
user15412	attend_school	university of michigan
user15412	want_job	doctor
user15413	has_hobby	biking
user15413	have_sibling	5 sibling
user15413	has_profession	waitress
user15413	like_activity	drawing
user15414	like_activity	running
user15414	marital_status	married
user15414	like_general	politics
user15414	has_hobby	football
user15414	employed_by_general	candy store
user15415	physical_attribute	brunette
user15415	employed_by_general	grocery store
user15415	like_general	blue
user15415	like_food	cupcakes
user15416	has_profession	attorney
user15416	physical_attribute	buff
user15416	like_watching	comedy
user15416	have	beard
user15417	like_general	winning
user15417	dislike	socializing
user15417	like_general	sunny day
user15417	like_drink	coffee
user15418	dislike	green eggs and ham
user15418	like_activity	cooking
user15418	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user15418	like_activity	swimming
user15419	has_hobby	tennis
user15419	favorite_color	green
user15419	<blank>	<blank>
user15419	like_watching	comedy
user15420	marital_status	married
user15420	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user15420	teach	first grade
user15420	like_drink	iced tea
user15421	like_food	cheese
user15421	like_activity	cooking
user15421	gender	female
user15421	like_music	frank sinatra
user15422	like_activity	cooking
user15422	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15422	previous_profession	nurse
user15422	have_pet	cat
user15423	like_activity	programming
user15423	school_status	student
user15423	want_job	company owner
user15423	misc_attribute	night owl
user15424	place_origin	san francisco
user15424	like_activity	travel
user15424	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user15424	have_sibling	1 sister
user15425	like_sports	swimming
user15425	like_food	spicy
user15425	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user15425	have_family	only child
user15426	favorite_animal	panda
user15426	has_profession	zoologist
user15426	like_read	crime
user15426	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user15427	has_hobby	quilting
user15427	have_chidren	grandchildren
user15427	misc_attribute	wild
user15427	like_music	classical
user15427	has_profession	pharmacist
user15428	has_profession	bartender
user15428	has_hobby	reading
user15428	previous_profession	marine
user15428	like_activity	writing
user15429	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user15429	marital_status	engaged
user15429	has_hobby	dancing
user15429	job_status	unemployed
user15430	have_sibling	sister
user15430	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user15430	have	eyebrow piercing
user15430	other	parents are teachers
user15431	physical_attribute	freckles
user15431	like_read	romance
user15431	has_profession	builder
user15431	employed_by_general	army
user15432	gender	female
user15432	physical_attribute	blonde
user15432	like_activity	skateboarding
user15432	attend_school	high school
user15433	other	allergic to shellfish
user15433	like_sports	equestrian
user15433	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user15433	like_activity	dancing
user15434	has_profession	truck driver
user15434	like_activity	singing
user15434	place_origin	trailer park
user15434	have_chidren	3 children
user15434	like_food	wings
user15435	have_pet	2 dog
user15435	want_job	astronaut
user15435	have_vehicle	car
user15435	favorite	penn and teller
user15435	like_food	lasagna
user15436	like_drink	coffee
user15436	dislike	socializing
user15436	misc_attribute	attentive
user15436	like_general	winning
user15437	favorite_music	country
user15437	other	vegetarian
user15437	job_status	employed
user15437	like_activity	baking
user15438	have_pet	parrot
user15438	gender	male
user15438	place_origin	baton rouge
user15438	has_profession	chef
user15439	like_food	pasta
user15439	like_activity	swimming
user15439	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user15439	like_general	being outside
user15440	like_activity	working out
user15440	marital_status	engaged
user15440	favorite_music	metal
user15440	has_profession	writer
user15441	favorite_show	face off
user15441	like_activity	running
user15441	have_chidren	children
user15441	like_activity	cooking
user15442	<blank>	<blank>
user15442	has_hobby	soap making
user15442	has_ability	composting
user15442	favorite_food	fruit
user15443	like_sports	swimming
user15443	like_food	large meals
user15443	attend_school	university
user15443	has_hobby	exercise
user15444	other	am caucasian
user15444	like_food	sugar
user15444	like_sports	hockey
user15444	want_do	eating
user15445	attend_school	university
user15445	have	t-shirt and jeans
user15445	has_hobby	skateboarding
user15445	have	crush
user15445	like_food	candy
user15446	dislike	school life
user15446	want_do	move out
user15446	have	friend
user15447	want_job	librarian
user15447	physical_attribute	olive
user15447	other	wear glasses
user15447	have	green eyes
user15448	has_profession	package delivery
user15448	misc_attribute	funny
user15448	have_vehicle	honda
user15448	have_pet	3 cat
user15448	like_food	candy
user15449	has_ability	playing pool
user15449	like_animal	unicorns
user15449	want_do	travel
user15449	want_do	<blank>
user15449	teach	arts
user15450	have_family	parents
user15450	job_status	seeking employment
user15450	other	bisexual
user15450	misc_attribute	depressed
user15450	want	help
user15451	has_hobby	swimming
user15451	has_ability	play instrument
user15451	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user15451	like_goto	concerts
user15451	like_general	blue
user15452	own	red lipstick
user15452	have	red purse
user15452	like_general	red shoes
user15452	<blank>	<blank>
user15452	have_vehicle	car
user15453	marital_status	married
user15453	like_activity	crocheting
user15453	like_animal	cat
user15453	gender	female
user15454	want	i did not have to work
user15454	like_general	pens
user15454	has_hobby	writing
user15454	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user15455	want_do	vacation
user15455	marital_status	married
user15456	employed_by_general	factory
user15456	like_general	jokes
user15456	has_hobby	volunteer
user15456	misc_attribute	punctual
user15456	want_do	change the world
user15457	have	appeared on jeopardy
user15457	other	recovering alcoholic
user15457	misc_attribute	unstable
user15457	like_activity	refurbishing
user15458	have_chidren	3 children
user15458	has_ability	2 speak language
user15458	like_activity	cooking
user15458	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15459	like_read	science fiction
user15459	like_food	tuna fish
user15459	physical_attribute	brunette
user15459	favorite_music	rock opera
user15460	have_chidren	grandchildren
user15460	has_hobby	quilting
user15460	misc_attribute	wild
user15460	like_music	classical
user15460	has_profession	pharmacist
user15461	want_job	smithsonian
user15461	dislike	winter
user15461	misc_attribute	risky
user15461	favorite_show	csi
user15462	like_general	blame
user15462	place_origin	san francisco
user15462	misc_attribute	generous
user15462	physical_attribute	fat
user15462	like_general	smelling my own farts
user15463	like_general	rain
user15463	have_vehicle	van
user15463	have	single bed
user15464	has_profession	secretary
user15464	like_activity	swimming
user15464	like_food	taco
user15464	have_pet	3 cat
user15465	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user15465	previous_profession	mechanic
user15465	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user15465	has_ability	can build computers
user15466	physical_attribute	purple hair
user15466	like_movie	gone with the wind
user15466	like_general	red
user15466	have_pet	2 reptile
user15467	place_origin	upstate
user15467	employed_by_general	bank
user15467	attend_school	university
user15467	live_in_general	city
user15468	has_profession	salesman
user15468	misc_attribute	shy
user15468	favorite	costco
user15468	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user15469	has_profession	teacher
user15469	like_general	recycling
user15469	like_goto	thrift shops
user15469	like_activity	fashion
user15470	has_hobby	working out
user15470	has_ability	play instrument
user15470	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user15470	has_hobby	fishing
user15471	want	botos
user15471	attend_school	university
user15471	job_status	unemployed
user15472	like_read	agatha christie
user15472	employed_by_general	church
user15472	have_chidren	5 children
user15472	has_hobby	growing sunflowers
user15473	like_activity	singing
user15473	misc_attribute	shy
user15473	misc_attribute	content
user15473	have_pet	dog
user15474	like_activity	sculpting
user15474	have	shot lion
user15474	misc_attribute	sad
user15474	want_do	climbing
user15475	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user15475	have	nickname
user15475	want	to take over the world
user15476	has_age	9
user15476	physical_attribute	buff
user15476	like_activity	running
user15476	physical_attribute	tall
user15476	dislike	vegetables
user15477	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user15477	have	10 tattoos
user15477	has_age	adult
user15477	member_of	hobby club
user15477	has_hobby	driving
user15478	have_sibling	2 sibling
user15478	want_job	unspecified
user15478	physical_attribute	short
user15478	like_general	red
user15478	have_pet	1 dog
user15479	has_ability	can make fart noises with my arm pits
user15479	have_sibling	twins
user15479	have_chidren	partner
user15479	dislike	heights
user15480	has_hobby	baking
user15480	have_family	daughter
user15480	gender	female
user15481	want_job	musician
user15481	marital_status	married
user15481	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user15481	job_status	employed
user15481	has_profession	factory worker
user15482	has_profession	paramedic
user15482	have_family	3 sister
user15482	want_job	nurse
user15482	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user15483	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user15483	like_music	van halen
user15483	like_activity	traveling
user15483	want_job	doctor
user15484	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user15484	have	medication
user15484	like_activity	video games
user15484	like_activity	swimming
user15484	has_hobby	running
user15485	want_job	director
user15485	has_ability	play instrument
user15485	has_hobby	band
user15486	has_hobby	driving
user15486	physical_attribute	handicapped
user15486	other	am blind
user15486	has_profession	disc jockey
user15487	misc_attribute	accent
user15487	marital_status	single
user15487	teach	japanese and drawing
user15487	has_profession	teacher
user15487	have_pet	dog
user15488	like_activity	shopping
user15488	has_profession	teacher
user15489	like_general	red shoes
user15489	<blank>	<blank>
user15489	own	red lipstick
user15489	have_vehicle	car
user15489	have	red purse
user15490	want_do	have kids
user15490	dislike	singing
user15490	like_food	chocolate
user15490	has_ability	play instrument
user15490	place_origin	georgia
user15491	employed_by_general	grocery store
user15491	like_music	metallica
user15491	have_pet	4 cat
user15491	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user15492	like_music	drake
user15492	like_goto	restaurant
user15492	like_music	rap
user15492	like_activity	cooking
user15492	has_ability	play instrument
user15493	want	to become male model
user15493	like_music	classical
user15493	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user15493	other	dieting
user15493	other	had cancer
user15494	dislike	the taste of cheese
user15494	has_ability	cooking
user15494	have_chidren	daughter
user15494	has_profession	retailer
user15494	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user15495	gender	male
user15495	misc_attribute	careful
user15495	other	jack of all trades
user15495	like_food	sweets
user15496	have_vehicle	ford
user15496	have_vehicle	truck
user15496	have_vehicle	ford
user15496	like_general	ford trucks
user15497	like_sports	football
user15497	misc_attribute	healthy
user15497	misc_attribute	social
user15497	attend_school	university
user15498	live_in_general	near the ocean
user15498	have_vehicle	boat
user15498	like_general	shoes
user15498	favorite_book	jane austen
user15498	like_food	fish
user15499	like_activity	go karting
user15499	has_hobby	fishing
user15499	dislike	fast food
user15499	own	george foreman grill
user15500	like_general	people
user15500	want	immortality
user15500	has_hobby	diving
user15500	have_pet	dog and cat
user15501	have_sibling	6 sister
user15501	like_sports	boston celtics
user15501	like_food	chocolate
user15501	employed_by_general	a small
user15501	like_activity	walking
user15502	like_music	the rolling stones
user15502	dislike	caffeine
user15502	have	1 job
user15502	like_activity	guitar
user15503	not_have	child
user15503	like_goto	pool
user15503	has_hobby	yoga
user15503	job_status	employed
user15503	like_activity	shopping
user15504	has_hobby	couponing
user15504	like_general	saving money
user15504	want_job	artist
user15504	misc_attribute	organized
user15504	like_activity	shopping
user15505	want	more iron in my diet
user15505	like_food	kale
user15505	have_family	2 children
user15505	have_pet	2 cat
user15506	other	epileptic
user15506	have_chidren	1 son
user15506	like_read	<blank>
user15506	like_activity	swimming
user15507	like_goto	italy
user15507	has_hobby	yoga
user15507	like_food	italian cuisine
user15507	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user15507	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15508	have_vehicle	car
user15508	like_food	meatloaf
user15508	have_pet	dog
user15509	marital_status	single
user15509	have	no money
user15509	have_vehicle	sports car
user15509	like_general	purple
user15509	like_general	cher
user15510	like_activity	cooking
user15510	favorite_show	face off
user15510	have_chidren	children
user15510	like_activity	running
user15510	misc_attribute	organized
user15511	like_activity	hunting
user15511	place_origin	deep south
user15511	like_general	blue
user15511	dislike	seafood
user15512	has_ability	speak language
user15512	has_profession	artist
user15512	has_hobby	hiking
user15512	have_pet	2 dog
user15513	has_hobby	gymnastics
user15513	favorite_drink	coffee
user15513	dislike	chalk
user15513	have	boyfriend
user15513	have_pet	cat
user15514	has_profession	safety patrol
user15514	like_read	harry potter
user15514	has_age	10
user15515	like_food	tuna
user15515	like_activity	reading
user15515	have_pet	2 cat
user15515	have_pet	cat
user15516	misc_attribute	organized
user15516	like_watching	greys anatomy
user15516	attend_school	high school
user15516	like_general	mother
user15517	teach	kids
user15517	have	personal trainer
user15517	like_sports	bicycling
user15517	have_pet	3 dog
user15517	like_general	religion
user15518	like_activity	crocheting
user15518	has_hobby	singing
user15518	has_profession	teacher
user15518	has_profession	coach
user15518	other	am allergic to apples
user15519	employed_by_general	craft store
user15519	like_music	alternative rock
user15519	like_activity	crocheting
user15519	own	house
user15520	have_pet	3 pets
user15520	want_job	veterinarian
user15520	other	dieting
user15520	like_animal	<blank>
user15520	like_goto	gym
user15521	like_food	chocolate
user15521	place_origin	georgia
user15521	has_ability	play instrument
user15521	want_do	have kids
user15522	want	retire
user15522	like_activity	ballet
user15522	have	support of my whole family
user15522	has_ability	1 dancing
user15523	has_profession	technician
user15523	like_read	history
user15523	like_sports	softball
user15524	have_pet	2 dog
user15524	dislike	broccoli
user15524	<blank>	<blank>
user15524	has_profession	police
user15524	like_activity	hunting
user15525	has_profession	salesman
user15525	like_goto	grocery store
user15525	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user15525	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user15526	like_goto	museum
user15526	like_goto	wine tours
user15526	like_activity	painting
user15526	have_chidren	2 son
user15527	want_do	reading
user15527	like_watching	sitcoms
user15527	like_activity	talking
user15527	have_vehicle	honda
user15528	has_hobby	cooking
user15528	employed_by_general	restaurant
user15528	have_pet	1 dog
user15529	has_hobby	kayaking
user15529	misc_attribute	friendly
user15529	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user15529	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user15530	want_do	retire
user15530	has_profession	baker
user15530	previous_profession	actor
user15530	have_chidren	children
user15530	have_family	wife
user15531	like_general	to chat with my friends
user15531	like_read	in a series
user15531	like_activity	driving
user15531	like_goto	restaurant
user15531	like_goto	movie theater
user15532	have	6 siblings
user15532	have_family	mother
user15532	other	adopted
user15532	dislike	future
user15533	other	vegan
user15533	like_animal	animals
user15533	like_read	<blank>
user15533	school_status	student
user15533	like_music	country
user15534	has_profession	waiter
user15534	has_hobby	jogging
user15534	have	boyfriend
user15534	has_ability	donor
user15535	want_do	<blank>
user15535	like_activity	singing
user15535	has_hobby	writing
user15535	<blank>	<blank>
user15536	school_status	student
user15536	have	2 science classes
user15536	other	commutes
user15536	live_in_general	home
user15537	physical_attribute	tall
user15537	like_activity	dance
user15537	physical_attribute	asthma
user15537	like_sports	hockey
user15538	like_activity	bowling
user15538	misc_attribute	family man
user15538	marital_status	married
user15538	has_profession	pediatrician
user15538	have_family	<blank>
user15539	own	agency
user15539	marital_status	married
user15539	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user15540	has_hobby	soccer
user15540	has_hobby	goalie
user15540	misc_attribute	team player
user15540	other	42 number is
user15541	like_watching	anime
user15541	like_animal	butterfly
user15541	like_animal	cat
user15541	like_activity	being weird
user15541	like_general	my little pony
user15542	misc_attribute	ocd
user15542	other	vegan
user15542	teach	children
user15542	member_of	church
user15543	like_goto	outdoors
user15543	place_origin	california
user15543	like_general	recycling
user15543	school_status	student
user15544	like_activity	swimming
user15544	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user15544	has_hobby	traveling
user15544	has_hobby	traveling
user15544	like_general	cabins in the woods
user15545	like_general	red
user15545	have_pet	2 reptile
user15545	physical_attribute	purple hair
user15545	like_movie	gone with the wind
user15546	like_activity	hiking
user15546	like_general	nature
user15546	like_general	eating out
user15546	like_general	blue
user15546	job_status	employed
user15547	like_movie	john grisham
user15547	dislike	wearing pants
user15547	has_ability	play instrument
user15548	like_general	blue
user15548	has_age	25
user15548	have_chidren	1 son
user15548	has_hobby	wrestling
user15549	like_food	fish
user15549	live_in_general	near the ocean
user15549	favorite_book	jane austen
user15549	have_vehicle	boat
user15549	like_general	shoes
user15550	have	severe anxiety disorder
user15550	like_general	art
user15550	other	pregnant
user15551	have	no money
user15551	like_general	cher
user15551	like_general	purple
user15551	marital_status	single
user15552	dislike	fast food
user15552	has_hobby	fishing
user15552	has_ability	play instrument
user15552	own	george foreman grill
user15553	like_music	one direction
user15553	attend_school	elementary school
user15553	want_job	athlete
user15553	favorite_food	spaghetti
user15554	has_profession	safety patrol
user15554	like_read	harry potter
user15554	has_hobby	martial arts
user15555	have_sibling	twin brother
user15555	favorite_book	david copperfield
user15555	has_hobby	baking
user15555	has_hobby	tap dancing
user15556	like_read	female authors
user15556	like_general	activism
user15556	has_profession	legal assistant
user15556	like_general	activist work
user15557	want	happy
user15557	like_general	her
user15557	want_do	procedures
user15557	like_activity	dressing up
user15558	have_pet	3 cat
user15558	like_activity	swimming
user15558	like_food	taco
user15558	favorite_color	orange
user15558	has_profession	secretary
user15559	like_food	meatloaf
user15559	like_music	0 toto
user15559	have_pet	dog
user15559	have_vehicle	car
user15560	like_drink	apple martinis
user15560	has_ability	driving
user15560	own	suburban
user15560	member_of	hobby club
user15560	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user15561	job_status	employed
user15561	job_status	employed
user15561	has_ability	lucky
user15561	own	consulting firm
user15561	has_profession	owner
user15562	employed_by_company	target
user15562	have_pet	dog
user15562	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user15562	like_goto	movie theater
user15562	physical_attribute	7"
user15563	want	procedures
user15563	want	happy
user15563	like_activity	dressing up
user15564	has_profession	trainer
user15564	dislike	0 <blank>
user15564	want_job	author
user15564	has_ability	novel writing
user15564	has_hobby	writing
user15565	favorite_food	ravioli
user15565	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user15565	have	not met my father
user15565	has_ability	speak language
user15566	like_read	crime
user15566	has_profession	receptionist
user15566	have_pet	2 dog
user15566	like_general	brothers
user15567	has_profession	builder
user15567	have_vehicle	prius
user15567	physical_attribute	freckles
user15567	like_read	romance
user15568	want	know
user15568	dislike	sleeping in
user15568	has_profession	trainer
user15568	has_hobby	writing
user15569	have_pet	2 dog
user15569	have_vehicle	car
user15569	want_job	astronaut
user15569	like_food	lasagna
user15569	favorite	penn and teller
user15570	has_profession	designer
user15570	job_status	unemployed
user15570	has_profession	design video games
user15571	employed_by_company	facebook
user15571	job_status	employed
user15571	have_pet	2 dog
user15571	like_activity	donate time
user15571	has_profession	programmer
user15572	gender	female
user15572	favorite_color	purple
user15572	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user15572	has_degree	masters
user15572	has_hobby	swimming
user15573	job_status	seeking employment
user15573	has_hobby	running
user15573	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user15573	has_profession	cook
user15574	like_goto	comic con
user15574	has_profession	writer
user15574	other	am lesbian
user15574	has_ability	play instrument
user15575	like_goto	india
user15575	want_job	explorer
user15575	has_profession	athlete
user15575	like_general	blue
user15576	like_music	any
user15576	like_music	madonna
user15576	employed_by_general	retailer
user15576	like_music	10 concerts
user15577	have_pet	dog
user15577	like_read	books
user15577	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user15578	own	home
user15578	like_animal	dog
user15578	favorite_color	purple
user15578	favorite_music_artist	worn
user15578	like_sports	swimming
user15579	misc_attribute	smart
user15579	have	0 parents
user15579	like_activity	travel alone
user15579	favorite_food	steak
user15579	dislike	sleeping
user15580	employed_by_general	factory
user15580	like_activity	sleeping
user15580	misc_attribute	lazy
user15580	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15580	misc_attribute	antisocial
user15581	want_do	save money
user15581	dislike	subtitles
user15581	has_ability	speak language
user15581	like_watching	anime
user15582	misc_attribute	antisocial
user15582	misc_attribute	lazy
user15582	employed_by_general	factory
user15582	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15582	like_activity	sleeping
user15583	previous_profession	nurse
user15583	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15583	have_pet	cat
user15583	like_activity	cooking
user15584	have_family	father
user15584	like_activity	fashion
user15584	like_music	kurt cobain
user15584	have	"drivers license"
user15584	want	to visit rome
user15585	job_status	seeking employment
user15585	favorite_color	green
user15585	other	used to wear glasses
user15585	want	autographs from authors
user15586	has_profession	engineer
user15586	like_activity	dancing
user15586	has_hobby	traveling
user15587	like_activity	baking
user15587	like_drink	coke
user15587	like_animal	dog
user15587	like_food	bagels
user15588	has_ability	play instrument
user15588	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15588	place_origin	chicago
user15588	have_sibling	2 brother
user15589	like_sports	hockey
user15589	has_ability	sleep
user15589	want_do	texting
user15590	has_hobby	martial arts
user15590	have_chidren	2 children
user15590	like_activity	singing
user15590	has_profession	businessman
user15591	has_age	10
user15591	live_in_general	house
user15591	like_animal	dogs and cats
user15592	has_hobby	cloud watching
user15592	favorite	costco
user15592	has_profession	salesman
user15592	misc_attribute	shy
user15592	favorite_music_artist	jacob sartorius
user15593	misc_attribute	accent
user15593	teach	japanese and drawing
user15593	has_profession	teacher
user15593	have_pet	dog
user15593	marital_status	single
user15594	have_chidren	children
user15594	have_pet	cat
user15594	live_in_general	small city
user15594	has_hobby	gardening
user15594	like_activity	cooking
user15595	like_general	antiques
user15595	like_general	things
user15595	like_general	dolls
user15595	misc_attribute	romantic
user15595	like_music	jazz
user15596	have_vehicle	ford
user15596	marital_status	3 married
user15596	dislike	holidays
user15596	has_profession	police
user15597	like_food	meat
user15597	previous_profession	not stated
user15597	like_general	anime
user15598	like_sports	baseball
user15598	has_age	19
user15598	has_hobby	baseball
user15598	has_hobby	baseball
user15599	want_do	retire
user15599	job_status	not a basketball player
user15599	like_music	the rolling stones
user15599	employed_by_company	ibm
user15599	physical_attribute	tall
user15600	has_ability	lie
user15600	has_hobby	painting
user15600	have	won lottery
user15600	has_hobby	painting
user15601	have_chidren	2 children
user15601	marital_status	married
user15601	have_pet	2 <blank>
user15601	has_age	30
user15602	previous_profession	marine
user15602	has_hobby	reading
user15602	has_profession	bartender
user15602	like_activity	writing
user15602	other	vegetarian
user15603	gender	female
user15603	like_activity	dance
user15603	favorite_animal	zebra
user15603	like_activity	outdoors
user15604	physical_attribute	blonde
user15604	dislike	country
user15604	has_hobby	volunteering
user15604	has_hobby	dancing
user15604	has_ability	terrible speller
user15605	like_goto	nature
user15605	have	debt
user15605	want	move to another country
user15605	school_status	student
user15606	has_profession	lifeguard
user15606	like_activity	spreading happiness
user15606	have_vehicle	convertible
user15606	like_music	katy perry
user15606	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user15607	like_animal	dog
user15607	place_origin	san francisco
user15607	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user15607	like_activity	travel
user15608	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user15608	has_profession	party planning
user15608	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user15609	other	am impressed
user15609	has_profession	small business owner
user15609	job_status	0 seeking employment
user15609	has_degree	graduate
user15609	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user15610	have_vehicle	car
user15610	like_food	meatloaf
user15610	like_music	0 toto
user15611	has_profession	yoga instruction
user15611	want_do	travel
user15611	have_chidren	2 children
user15612	misc_attribute	ocd
user15612	member_of	church
user15612	other	neurotic hypochondriac
user15612	teach	children
user15612	other	vegan
user15613	like_activity	travel
user15613	have_family	parents
user15613	own	phone
user15613	like_general	red
user15614	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user15614	has_profession	accountant
user15614	have_pet	dog
user15614	misc_attribute	colorful
user15615	like_general	people
user15615	like_general	building apps
user15615	like_activity	working out
user15615	like_activity	praying
user15616	like_activity	hiking
user15616	like_music	marduk
user15616	like_food	fish
user15616	dislike	losing things
user15617	favorite_movie	star wars
user15617	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user15617	have_pet	iguana
user15617	like_sports	football
user15617	<blank>	<blank>
user15618	dislike	tomato
user15618	gender	female
user15618	have	wheel chair
user15618	physical_attribute	short
user15619	like_activity	singing
user15619	has_ability	play instrument
user15619	other	vegetarian
user15619	like_general	going to bed late
user15620	other	did not know my dad
user15620	like_activity	driving
user15620	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user15620	have	3 tattoos
user15621	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user15621	employed_by_general	university
user15621	like_goto	farmers market
user15621	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user15621	has_ability	play instrument
user15622	like_activity	shopping
user15622	has_hobby	cheerleading
user15622	have_chidren	children
user15622	has_profession	blogger
user15623	has_degree	graduate
user15623	job_status	0 seeking employment
user15623	has_profession	small business owner
user15623	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user15623	other	am impressed
user15624	have	50000 subscribers
user15624	has_hobby	youtube
user15624	has_ability	make up
user15624	attend_school	beauty classes
user15624	like_watching	make up tutorials
user15625	has_ability	running
user15625	have_chidren	child
user15625	dislike	running
user15625	has_hobby	snowboarding
user15626	has_age	50
user15626	marital_status	married
user15626	like_food	ice cream
user15626	have_chidren	children
user15627	favorite_place	mall
user15627	marital_status	single
user15627	have_pet	dog
user15627	like_sports	tennis
user15628	has_hobby	baking
user15628	have_chidren	3 daughter
user15628	have_family	daughter
user15629	has_profession	teacher
user15629	like_activity	shopping
user15629	favorite_food	french fries
user15630	want_do	skydiving
user15630	have_pet	reptile
user15630	job_status	internship
user15630	other	character
user15631	physical_attribute	brunette
user15631	has_profession	author
user15631	like_watching	youtube
user15631	like_activity	sleeping
user15631	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user15632	other	care about way i look
user15632	like_general	self
user15632	misc_attribute	suspicious
user15632	has_hobby	check reflection
user15633	have	2 smartphones
user15633	like_read	<blank>
user15633	other	vegan
user15633	favorite_movie	pretty woman
user15634	<blank>	<blank>
user15634	has_profession	author
user15634	like_food	green tea
user15634	like_watching	mystery
user15635	have_family	mother
user15635	have	6 siblings
user15635	other	adopted
user15636	job_status	unemployed
user15636	not_have	money
user15636	favorite_color	yellow
user15636	like_activity	riding the bus
user15636	has_profession	babysitter
user15637	have_sibling	twin brother
user15637	favorite_book	david copperfield
user15637	has_hobby	tap dancing
user15637	has_hobby	baking
user15637	physical_attribute	short
user15638	have	friend
user15638	like_activity	<blank>
user15638	has_ability	play instrument
user15638	has_profession	musician
user15638	want_do	home
user15639	has_profession	basketball player
user15639	attend_school	university of north carolina
user15639	has_profession	basketball player
user15639	has_profession	athlete
user15639	has_hobby	basketball
user15640	employed_by_general	bank
user15640	like_animal	cat
user15640	marital_status	divorced
user15640	has_hobby	teapots
user15641	want	mom was healthier
user15641	want	to go to another school
user15641	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user15641	like_general	my image
user15641	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user15642	like_drink	milk shakes
user15642	favorite	holiday is halloween
user15642	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user15642	own	bike
user15643	like_goto	restaurant
user15643	like_music	rap
user15643	like_music	drake
user15643	has_ability	play instrument
user15643	like_activity	cooking
user15644	have_pet	dog
user15644	like_goto	beeach
user15644	like_general	job
user15644	like_activity	cycling
user15644	previous_profession	technician
user15645	dislike	driving
user15645	favorite	number is 7
user15645	like_activity	reading
user15645	like_general	scratching
user15645	other	deaf man
user15646	like_food	candy
user15646	have	t-shirt and jeans
user15646	have	crush
user15646	attend_school	university
user15646	has_hobby	skateboarding
user15647	favorite_season	winter
user15647	dislike	swimsuit
user15648	like_general	shoes
user15648	like_activity	laughing
user15649	physical_attribute	brunette
user15649	like_goto	outdoors
user15649	member_of	other club
user15649	live_in_general	ranch
user15649	has_age	21
user15650	have_pet	3 cat
user15650	have_vehicle	honda
user15650	like_food	candy
user15650	has_profession	package delivery
user15651	like_food	locally sourced
user15651	member_of	city council
user15651	like_activity	outdoors
user15651	own	home
user15652	physical_attribute	short hair
user15652	other	allergies
user15652	member_of	community center
user15652	like_watching	horror
user15652	has_ability	play instrument
user15653	has_profession	comedian
user15653	have	local theater gig
user15653	place_origin	small town
user15653	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user15654	own	0 television
user15654	has_ability	pilot
user15654	has_profession	lawyer
user15654	has_hobby	photography
user15654	live_in_general	mountains
user15655	other	sarah
user15655	has_hobby	watching television
user15655	has_profession	teacher
user15655	has_hobby	reading
user15656	like_food	apple
user15656	dislike	meat
user15656	like_food	fruit
user15656	like_food	apple
user15656	favorite_food	apple
user15657	like_drink	coffee
user15657	want_job	curator
user15657	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user15657	have	been to new york city
user15657	has_hobby	painting
user15658	misc_attribute	organized
user15658	favorite_show	face off
user15658	like_activity	running
user15658	like_activity	cooking
user15659	like_goto	0 library
user15659	employed_by_general	retailer
user15659	physical_attribute	red hair
user15659	like_food	food with no animal product
user15659	live_in_general	coast
user15660	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user15660	like_activity	reading
user15660	like_sports	football
user15661	have	girlfriend
user15661	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user15661	other	veteran
user15661	like_food	meat
user15662	has_hobby	snowboarding
user15662	like_food	popcorn
user15662	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15662	have_sibling	brother
user15663	like_general	tool
user15663	has_ability	fly airplane
user15663	attend_school	university
user15663	like_activity	building computers
user15664	has_profession	lifeguard
user15664	like_activity	travel
user15664	like_activity	tennis
user15664	like_music	chainsmokers
user15665	attend_school	university
user15665	like_activity	painting
user15665	want_do	painting
user15665	physical_attribute	blonde
user15666	like_read	<blank>
user15666	like_activity	driving
user15666	have	survived
user15666	physical_attribute	tall
user15667	has_hobby	nfl fantasy football league
user15667	has_hobby	football
user15667	live_in_citystatecountry	georgia
user15667	like_read	fiction
user15668	like_activity	hiking
user15668	has_profession	farmer
user15668	physical_attribute	1 arm
user15668	have_family	sibling
user15668	school_status	graduated
user15669	other	0 chewing food
user15669	physical_attribute	slow
user15669	like_goto	hospital
user15669	have	medical bills
user15670	have_chidren	child
user15670	place_origin	church
user15670	favorite_color	purple
user15671	favorite_season	summer
user15671	like_activity	fishing
user15671	like_music	classic
user15671	like_activity	decorating for christmas
user15671	like_general	impala
user15672	like_activity	sleeping in
user15672	have_sibling	2 brother
user15672	employed_by_general	laboratory
user15672	misc_attribute	romantic
user15672	other	vegan
user15673	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user15673	have	condo
user15673	like_activity	cycling
user15673	like_general	blue
user15673	has_profession	salesman
user15674	like_animal	<blank>
user15674	like_goto	animal shelters
user15674	have_pet	several
user15674	like_watching	animals
user15674	like_watching	wildlife
user15675	dislike	running
user15675	has_hobby	snowboarding
user15675	has_ability	running
user15675	have_chidren	child
user15676	like_sports	water ski
user15676	has_profession	car maker
user15676	like_food	macaroni
user15676	have	money
user15676	like_activity	sitting on the couch
user15677	have_sibling	5 sibling
user15677	has_profession	waitress
user15677	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user15677	like_activity	drawing
user15678	misc_attribute	romantic
user15678	dislike	homework
user15678	job_status	employed
user15678	misc_attribute	lazy
user15678	other	bad luck with relationships
user15679	like_general	exclamation marks
user15679	misc_attribute	family attention
user15679	like_activity	video games
user15679	have_pet	2 cat
user15680	have_chidren	children
user15680	has_hobby	camping
user15680	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15680	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user15681	want_do	eating
user15681	other	am caucasian
user15681	like_activity	rollerblading
user15681	like_sports	hockey
user15681	like_food	sugar
user15682	like_activity	playing outside
user15682	have_family	mother
user15682	has_age	4
user15682	have_family	father
user15682	have	princess bed
user15683	teach	first grade
user15683	has_hobby	shopping
user15683	like_drink	iced tea
user15683	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user15684	like_general	blue
user15684	has_ability	play instrument
user15684	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user15684	like_goto	concerts
user15685	misc_attribute	shy
user15685	has_hobby	singing
user15685	like_activity	singing
user15685	has_ability	unclear
user15686	like_general	simple jokes
user15686	like_watching	the flintstones
user15686	like_general	simpler times
user15687	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user15687	have_pet	3 iguana
user15687	like_animal	dog
user15687	other	poor
user15688	has_profession	technician
user15688	has_hobby	traveling
user15688	like_activity	dancing
user15689	other	vegetarian
user15689	have	allergies
user15689	want_do	<blank>
user15689	live_in_general	pig farm
user15690	have_chidren	2 son
user15690	have_family	parents
user15690	have	a house
user15690	misc_attribute	sad
user15691	job_status	employed
user15691	like_activity	sewing
user15691	other	vegetarian
user15691	like_animal	animals
user15692	member_of	sports team
user15692	has_hobby	football
user15692	like_goto	league
user15692	has_hobby	football
user15692	misc_attribute	determined
user15693	other	imaginative
user15693	has_hobby	d&d
user15693	dislike	talking to people
user15693	favorite_food	nachos
user15694	like_food	mexican cuisine
user15694	like_general	summer
user15694	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user15694	have_chidren	2 children
user15695	like_activity	singing
user15695	place_origin	trailer park
user15695	like_food	wings
user15695	has_profession	truck driver
user15695	have_chidren	3 children
user15696	employed_by_company	google
user15696	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user15696	has_profession	engineer
user15696	employed_by_company	google
user15697	has_hobby	football
user15697	employed_by_general	candy store
user15697	like_activity	running
user15697	marital_status	married
user15697	like_general	politics
user15698	place_origin	upstate
user15698	attend_school	university
user15698	employed_by_general	bank
user15699	has_degree	masters
user15699	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user15699	have	green nails
user15700	have_chidren	3 daughter
user15700	gender	female
user15700	have_family	daughter
user15701	own	car
user15701	misc_attribute	quick
user15701	like_general	food trucks
user15701	have_sibling	brother
user15702	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user15702	job_status	unemployed
user15702	physical_attribute	red hair
user15702	marital_status	engaged
user15702	has_hobby	dancing
user15703	like_general	cabins in the woods
user15703	has_hobby	traveling
user15703	has_hobby	paddleboarding
user15703	has_hobby	traveling
user15703	like_activity	swimming
user15704	has_ability	play instrument
user15704	like_animal	fish
user15704	school_status	dropped out
user15704	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user15705	like_activity	dance
user15705	member_of	dance team
user15705	like_watching	disney movies
user15705	attend_school	high school
user15706	like_activity	drinking
user15706	like_animal	dog
user15706	have	tattoos
user15706	have_pet	dog
user15706	has_profession	photographer
user15707	has_hobby	volunteering
user15707	physical_attribute	blonde
user15707	has_ability	terrible speller
user15707	dislike	country
user15707	has_hobby	dancing
user15708	other	veteran
user15708	has_hobby	gardening
user15708	like_read	enders game
user15708	like_read	<blank>
user15709	other	tall family.
user15709	physical_attribute	6 tall
user15709	like_activity	dancing
user15709	like_goto	school
user15710	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user15710	like_watching	surgery
user15710	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user15710	like_activity	traveling
user15710	like_music	britney spears
user15711	marital_status	single
user15711	misc_attribute	accent
user15711	has_profession	teacher
user15711	teach	japanese and drawing
user15712	have_pet	dog
user15712	like_music	pretenders
user15712	has_degree	bachelors
user15712	has_profession	teacher
user15713	has_profession	yoga instruction
user15713	misc_attribute	distant
user15713	like_general	color: pink
user15713	marital_status	married
user15714	like_sports	golf
user15714	like_general	my work
user15714	marital_status	married
user15714	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15715	have_chidren	children
user15715	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user15715	has_hobby	camping
user15715	have_chidren	mother
user15715	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15716	has_hobby	gambling
user15716	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user15716	like_food	shrimp
user15717	like_general	blue
user15717	dislike	cleaning
user15717	has_profession	finance
user15717	has_hobby	painting
user15718	place_origin	beach
user15718	like_animal	dog
user15718	has_hobby	traveling
user15718	like_food	pizza
user15718	has_hobby	cooking
user15719	favorite_activity	research race cars
user15719	has_age	14
user15719	have	3 best friends
user15719	like_sports	swimming
user15719	like_general	sports cars
user15720	other	nick
user15720	dislike	music
user15720	physical_attribute	red hair
user15720	misc_attribute	friendly
user15720	have_vehicle	scooter
user15721	live_in_general	alone
user15721	<blank>	<blank>
user15721	has_ability	play instrument
user15721	has_profession	scientist
user15722	want_job	teacher
user15722	has_hobby	kayaking
user15722	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user15722	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user15723	has_ability	play instrument
user15723	like_goto	"farmers market"
user15723	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user15723	employed_by_general	university
user15724	like_food	cheese
user15724	like_activity	travel
user15724	employed_by_general	factory
user15725	has_hobby	dancing
user15725	has_ability	terrible speller
user15725	physical_attribute	blonde
user15725	dislike	country
user15725	has_hobby	volunteering
user15726	has_hobby	writing
user15726	has_profession	advertising executive
user15726	have_pet	dog
user15727	has_profession	builder
user15727	employed_by_general	army
user15727	have_vehicle	prius
user15727	like_read	romance
user15727	physical_attribute	freckles
user15728	live_in_general	wife and kids
user15728	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user15728	gender	male
user15728	own	farm
user15728	have_pet	3 dog
user15729	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15729	dislike	snake
user15729	like_general	red
user15729	like_activity	hiking
user15730	has_hobby	walking
user15730	employed_by_general	fast food
user15730	have	something purple
user15730	want	educated
user15731	has_profession	mechanic
user15731	have_pet	doberman
user15731	has_age	25
user15731	gender	male
user15732	have_chidren	3 daughter
user15732	has_hobby	baking
user15732	gender	female
user15733	like_food	cupcakes
user15733	like_general	blue
user15733	physical_attribute	brunette
user15733	like_read	<blank>
user15734	want_job	doctor
user15734	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user15734	like_music	van halen
user15734	has_hobby	fashion
user15735	like_general	activist work
user15735	like_watching	news
user15735	like_general	activism
user15735	like_read	female authors
user15736	has_hobby	singing
user15736	favorite	donna karen clothes
user15736	has_profession	teacher
user15736	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user15737	other	veteran
user15737	place_origin	kentucky
user15737	like_read	<blank>
user15737	like_read	<blank>
user15738	like_drink	water
user15738	like_activity	watching television
user15738	have	been in two car crashes
user15738	like_sports	<blank>
user15739	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user15739	has_profession	accountant
user15739	like_sports	running
user15739	have_pet	2 dog
user15739	have_vehicle	car
user15740	like_food	cheese
user15740	dislike	driving
user15740	has_age	under 50
user15740	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15741	employed_by_company	aldis
user15741	have_chidren	2 children
user15741	favorite_movie	titanic
user15741	live_in_citystatecountry	sterling heights
user15742	have	1 new house
user15742	other	gay
user15742	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user15742	like_activity	making coffee
user15743	like_sports	softball
user15743	like_read	history
user15744	dislike	coworker
user15744	marital_status	single
user15744	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user15744	job_status	employed
user15744	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user15745	marital_status	not married
user15745	have_chidren	children
user15745	like_activity	singing
user15745	like_sports	basketball
user15745	has_hobby	hunting
user15746	place_origin	california
user15746	like_goto	outdoors
user15746	like_general	recycling
user15746	school_status	student
user15747	has_profession	gamer
user15747	like_activity	play league of legends
user15747	has_hobby	walking
user15747	like_animal	dog
user15747	marital_status	single
user15748	want_job	musician
user15748	other	am a student
user15749	favorite_color	green
user15749	has_hobby	video games
user15749	like_sports	running
user15749	like_goto	park
user15749	job_status	employed
user15750	like_drink	coffee
user15750	like_activity	swimming
user15750	own	rose garden
user15750	have_pet	cat
user15751	have_family	grandmother
user15751	favorite_color	red orange
user15751	<blank>	seeking employment
user15751	like_watching	horror
user15752	want_job	explorer
user15752	like_goto	india
user15752	has_profession	athlete
user15752	like_general	blue
user15753	has_hobby	shopping
user15753	<blank>	<blank>
user15753	has_hobby	writing
user15753	misc_attribute	cold
user15753	live_in_general	alone
user15754	live_in_general	condo
user15754	previous_profession	reporter
user15754	other	recovering alcoholic
user15755	has_hobby	deep sea diving
user15755	has_profession	party planning
user15755	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user15756	favorite_color	red orange
user15756	has_ability	play instrument
user15756	like_watching	horror
user15756	have_family	grandmother
user15757	dislike	cleaning
user15757	has_profession	finance
user15757	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15757	has_hobby	painting
user15758	school_status	2016 graduated
user15758	has_profession	teacher
user15758	has_hobby	kayaking
user15759	own	salon
user15759	marital_status	married
user15759	has_profession	hairdresser
user15759	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user15760	has_profession	mechanic
user15760	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user15760	have_pet	1 dog
user15760	like_sports	surfing
user15760	have_vehicle	car
user15761	like_music	all genres
user15761	have_chidren	5 children
user15761	like_activity	drawing
user15761	<blank>	<blank>
user15762	like_general	boots
user15762	like_general	leather clothes
user15762	<blank>	<blank>
user15762	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user15762	like_general	sleeping in
user15763	like_food	mexican cuisine
user15763	like_activity	dance
user15763	like_read	history
user15763	place_origin	new hampshire
user15764	want	cool
user15764	like_activity	working out
user15764	like_sports	soccer
user15764	misc_attribute	healthy
user15764	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user15765	attend_school	college
user15765	has_hobby	ride bike
user15765	like_activity	writing
user15765	have	laptop
user15766	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user15766	like_activity	cooking
user15766	have	2 roommate
user15766	have_pet	2 dog
user15767	like_activity	football
user15767	have_pet	dog
user15767	physical_attribute	beard
user15767	like_sports	cycling
user15768	has_ability	novel writing
user15768	want_job	author
user15768	has_profession	trainer
user15768	dislike	0 <blank>
user15769	school_status	did not graduate
user15769	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user15770	has_ability	sleep
user15770	favorite_activity	computer time
user15770	like_sports	hockey
user15771	job_status	unemployed
user15771	has_profession	translator
user15771	has_hobby	writing
user15771	want_job	author
user15772	have_vehicle	car
user15772	have_pet	2 dog
user15772	want_job	astronaut
user15773	has_hobby	painting
user15773	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user15773	like_drink	coffee
user15773	have	been to new york city
user15774	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user15774	own	2 packs
user15774	like_drink	coffee
user15774	like_food	meatloaf
user15774	like_music	lindsey stirling
user15775	marital_status	not married
user15775	like_activity	singing
user15775	has_hobby	hunting
user15775	like_sports	basketball
user15775	have_chidren	children
user15776	attend_school	local college
user15776	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user15776	has_hobby	watching television
user15776	like_music	classic rock
user15776	like_food	vegetarian
user15777	has_degree	masters
user15777	gender	female
user15777	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user15777	has_hobby	swimming
user15777	favorite_color	purple
user15778	other	sexual identity
user15778	misc_attribute	out of touch
user15778	dislike	rejection from parents
user15778	gender	different
user15779	like_general	recycling
user15779	like_goto	outdoors
user15779	school_status	student
user15779	place_origin	california
user15780	dislike	reading
user15780	has_ability	play instrument
user15780	dislike	pants
user15781	physical_attribute	handicapped
user15781	other	am blind
user15781	has_hobby	driving
user15781	has_profession	disc jockey
user15781	have	friends
user15782	like_sports	swimming
user15782	like_animal	dog
user15782	favorite_color	purple
user15782	own	home
user15783	like_activity	hiking
user15783	like_sports	volley ball
user15783	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user15783	like_food	pickled eggs
user15783	like_activity	doing nails
user15784	dislike	family
user15784	have_vehicle	jaguar
user15784	like_goto	bar
user15784	misc_attribute	angry
user15784	gender	male
user15785	dislike	working out
user15785	have_vehicle	bicycle
user15785	have_pet	3 dog
user15785	have	blood sugar problems
user15786	favorite_music_artist	nightfish
user15786	job_status	employed
user15786	have_pet	cat
user15786	like_activity	reading
user15786	like_general	comics
user15787	physical_attribute	overweight
user15787	like_food	candy
user15787	like_movie	godfather
user15787	gender	male
user15788	like_music	<blank>
user15788	like_activity	skateboarding
user15788	like_music	guitar
user15788	other	vegan
user15789	favorite_drink	red wine
user15789	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user15789	like_activity	gardening
user15789	have_chidren	1 child
user15790	dislike	chalk
user15790	favorite_drink	coffee
user15790	has_hobby	gymnastics
user15790	have_pet	cat
user15790	have	boyfriend
user15791	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user15791	has_hobby	gambling
user15791	like_food	shrimp
user15792	have_pet	dog
user15792	marital_status	single
user15792	misc_attribute	accent
user15792	has_profession	teacher
user15792	teach	japanese and drawing
user15793	like_activity	hiking
user15793	favorite	iphone
user15793	misc_attribute	confused
user15793	dislike	traveling
user15793	has_profession	banker
user15794	like_music	adam levine
user15794	want_job	photographer
user15794	want_do	photography
user15794	like_activity	photography
user15794	marital_status	widow
user15795	other	vegan
user15795	has_hobby	yoga
user15795	has_profession	marketing
user15795	has_ability	meditate
user15796	like_activity	singing
user15796	want_do	<blank>
user15796	has_hobby	writing
user15796	<blank>	<blank>
user15796	favorite_color	black
user15797	dislike	sports
user15797	has_hobby	archery
user15797	want_do	sports
user15797	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15797	has_ability	sport
user15798	has_profession	veterinarian
user15798	like_sports	cycling
user15798	have_pet	3 dog
user15798	has_age	30
user15798	other	vegan
user15799	like_watching	spongebob
user15799	like_music	frank sinatra
user15799	like_food	cheese
user15799	gender	female
user15800	has_ability	left sock first.
user15800	have	condition
user15800	favorite_activity	pray
user15801	like_watching	netflix
user15801	like_activity	model building
user15801	favorite_food	italian
user15801	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user15802	like_food	meat
user15802	like_watching	sport
user15802	like_activity	hunting
user15802	have_vehicle	truck
user15802	like_music	country
user15803	dislike	make up
user15803	has_profession	musician
user15803	favorite_color	orange
user15803	have_vehicle	moped
user15803	physical_attribute	long nails
user15804	has_ability	computer repair
user15804	like_food	meat
user15804	physical_attribute	red hair
user15804	live_in_general	far from home
user15805	has_profession	aquarium builder
user15805	have_family	brother-in-law
user15805	have_sibling	6 brother
user15806	favorite_drink	chocolate
user15806	physical_attribute	bald
user15806	job_status	unemployed
user15806	like_sports	swimming
user15807	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user15807	other	premature
user15807	have_sibling	1 sister
user15808	like_general	prince
user15808	like_music	blues
user15808	other	puerto rican / chinese
user15808	has_ability	2 speak language
user15808	live_in_citystatecountry	germany
user15809	job_status	unemployed
user15809	like_music	rock
user15809	like_activity	video games
user15810	has_hobby	traveling
user15810	like_sports	skiing
user15810	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user15810	attend_school	university
user15810	favorite_music	rock
user15811	has_ability	draw
user15811	have	sausage fingers
user15811	physical_attribute	am bloated
user15811	favorite_drink	sprite
user15812	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user15812	live_in_general	farm
user15812	has_profession	salesman
user15813	dislike	sleeping
user15813	like_activity	travel alone
user15813	have	0 parents
user15813	favorite_food	steak
user15813	misc_attribute	smart
user15814	employed_by_general	distributor
user15814	like_music	taylor swift
user15814	marital_status	married
user15814	have_chidren	toddler
user15815	like_activity	cooking
user15815	misc_attribute	happy
user15816	like_drink	apple martinis
user15816	member_of	hobby club
user15816	own	suburban
user15816	has_ability	driving
user15816	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user15817	favorite_color	purple
user15817	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user15817	gender	female
user15817	has_hobby	swimming
user15817	has_degree	masters
user15818	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user15818	has_hobby	camping
user15818	have_chidren	children
user15818	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15819	like_read	comics
user15819	misc_attribute	artistic
user15819	like_watching	anime
user15819	has_hobby	reading
user15820	marital_status	divorced
user15820	favorite_place	new york
user15820	has_profession	lawyer
user15820	like_activity	running
user15820	favorite_food	steak
user15821	marital_status	married
user15821	like_goto	casino
user15821	employed_by_general	brewery
user15821	like_drink	32 beer
user15822	live_in_general	mountains
user15822	has_ability	pilot
user15822	has_hobby	photography
user15822	has_profession	lawyer
user15822	own	0 television
user15823	favorite_season	duck hunting
user15823	have	never flown on an airplane
user15823	like_activity	tailgate parties
user15823	have	girlfriend
user15823	has_profession	farmer
user15824	have_family	only child
user15824	have_pet	1 lizard
user15824	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user15825	<blank>	<blank>
user15825	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user15825	like_activity	singing
user15825	favorite	halo 3
user15826	have	an online business
user15826	has_profession	marketing
user15826	has_ability	meditate
user15826	other	vegan
user15827	have_family	children
user15827	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user15827	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user15827	like_activity	driving
user15827	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user15828	like_food	lobster
user15828	employed_by_company	google
user15828	has_profession	engineer
user15828	employed_by_company	google
user15829	attend_school	homeschool
user15829	misc_attribute	artistic
user15829	has_ability	scream
user15829	dislike	people
user15830	have	a house
user15830	misc_attribute	incomplete
user15830	have_chidren	2 son
user15830	has_profession	artist
user15831	has_hobby	exercise
user15831	like_food	large meals
user15831	like_sports	swimming
user15831	attend_school	university
user15832	employed_by_company	greeting cards
user15832	like_sports	football
user15832	like_activity	reading
user15833	misc_attribute	nerd
user15833	has_ability	math
user15833	like_general	computers
user15833	like_activity	0 thinking
user15834	have	allergy
user15834	own	iphone 7
user15834	like_drink	chocolate
user15835	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user15835	has_hobby	gardening
user15835	has_profession	musician
user15835	has_ability	play instrument
user15835	have_pet	koi
user15836	school_status	graduated
user15836	school_status	will study computer science
user15836	like_activity	video games
user15836	other	vegetarian
user15836	school_status	student
user15837	favorite	rose
user15837	other	vegan
user15837	have_pet	cat
user15837	favorite_color	orange
user15837	has_profession	barista
user15838	has_profession	dental assistant
user15838	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user15838	own	universe
user15838	like_activity	clubbing
user15839	other	profession
user15839	like_food	1 sugar
user15839	marital_status	engaged
user15839	have_sibling	3 sibling
user15840	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user15840	has_profession	finance
user15840	like_food	takeout
user15840	school_status	graduated
user15840	like_general	low taxes
user15841	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user15841	has_ability	digital art
user15841	favorite_book	stephen king
user15842	like_activity	living in texas
user15842	dislike	pudding
user15842	like_music	ke ha
user15842	have	never done drugs
user15842	have	friend
user15843	like_activity	wrestling
user15843	like_activity	baking
user15843	has_profession	cartographer
user15843	previous_profession	nurse
user15844	has_profession	semi trucks
user15844	marital_status	married
user15845	employed_by_general	retailer
user15845	like_food	food with no animal product
user15845	physical_attribute	red hair
user15845	live_in_general	coast
user15845	like_goto	0 library
user15846	has_hobby	snowboarding
user15846	have_sibling	brother
user15846	live_in_citystatecountry	wisconsin
user15846	like_food	popcorn
user15846	has_hobby	horseback riding
user15847	favorite_color	green
user15847	<blank>	<blank>
user15847	has_hobby	tennis
user15847	like_watching	comedy
user15848	misc_attribute	vain
user15848	physical_attribute	curly hair
user15848	like_activity	cooking
user15849	like_drink	coffee
user15849	like_general	winning
user15849	misc_attribute	attentive
user15849	dislike	socializing
user15850	has_profession	waiter
user15850	want_job	doctor
user15850	job_status	employed
user15851	want_do	painting
user15851	like_activity	painting
user15851	physical_attribute	blonde
user15851	attend_school	university
user15852	like_general	mother
user15852	like_activity	music
user15852	attend_school	high school
user15852	misc_attribute	organized
user15852	like_watching	greys anatomy
user15853	has_ability	play instrument
user15853	has_hobby	fishing
user15853	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user15854	has_profession	physical therapist
user15854	have_chidren	2 children
user15854	have_pet	3 dog
user15854	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user15855	other	am lesbian
user15855	job_status	employed
user15855	like_activity	cooking
user15855	like_activity	singing
user15856	job_status	employed
user15856	not_have	child
user15856	like_goto	pool
user15856	has_hobby	yoga
user15856	like_activity	shopping
user15857	attend_school	university
user15857	like_music	country
user15857	want_do	video games
user15857	employed_by_company	scrubway
user15857	misc_attribute	optimistic
user15858	like_goto	beach
user15858	nationality	united states
user15858	like_food	pizza
user15859	has_hobby	instrument
user15859	like_animal	fish
user15859	employed_by_general	deli
user15859	attend_school	university
user15859	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user15860	have	1 blue eye
user15860	have_pet	cat
user15860	has_ability	speak language
user15861	have_pet	cat
user15861	dislike	chalk
user15861	has_hobby	gymnastics
user15861	favorite_drink	coffee
user15862	has_hobby	watching movies
user15862	misc_attribute	tired
user15862	like_activity	cleaning
user15862	have_chidren	children
user15862	like_food	fast food
user15863	like_animal	cat
user15863	like_food	brownies
user15863	like_general	explosions
user15863	employed_by_company	military
user15863	like_activity	traveling
user15864	school_status	dropped out
user15864	misc_attribute	emotional
user15864	misc_attribute	romantic
user15864	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user15865	like_activity	cooking
user15865	like_activity	going to bars
user15865	like_activity	working out
user15865	job_status	retired
user15865	like_activity	dating women
user15866	like_general	having lots of office supplies
user15866	want	pot bellied pig
user15866	dislike	beauty pageant
user15866	like_read	anne of green gables
user15867	have	laptop
user15867	own	glasses
user15867	like_activity	writing
user15867	attend_school	college
user15867	has_hobby	ride bike
user15868	like_activity	hiking
user15868	misc_attribute	confused
user15868	favorite	iphone
user15868	has_profession	banker
user15869	attend_school	high school
user15869	misc_attribute	smart
user15869	member_of	other club
user15869	misc_attribute	social
user15869	misc_attribute	healthy
user15870	have_pet	cat
user15870	have	boyfriend
user15870	dislike	chalk
user15870	has_hobby	gymnastics
user15871	other	mother
user15871	live_in_general	by a lake
user15871	marital_status	married
user15871	own	upholstery shop
user15872	like_food	sushi
user15872	attend_school	graduate school
user15872	has_hobby	cooking
user15872	school_status	student
user15873	have_chidren	daughter
user15873	dislike	the taste of cheese
user15873	has_ability	cooking
user15873	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user15874	has_hobby	fishing
user15874	dislike	fast food
user15874	own	george foreman grill
user15874	like_activity	go karting
user15875	like_general	mother
user15875	like_watching	greys anatomy
user15875	like_activity	music
user15875	attend_school	high school
user15875	misc_attribute	organized
user15876	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15876	favorite	math
user15876	gender	male
user15876	has_hobby	ice hockey
user15876	attend_school	high school
user15877	other	was accepted to participate
user15877	has_ability	unclear
user15877	misc_attribute	shy
user15877	like_activity	singing
user15877	has_hobby	singing
user15878	like_music	country
user15878	attend_school	university
user15878	misc_attribute	optimistic
user15878	want_do	video games
user15878	employed_by_company	scrubway
user15879	has_profession	nurse
user15879	has_profession	baker
user15879	like_activity	surfing
user15879	other	childhood
user15880	marital_status	engaged
user15880	marital_status	engaged
user15880	marital_status	engaged
user15881	like_activity	sewing
user15881	like_general	books
user15881	have_pet	cat
user15881	employed_by_general	cafe
user15882	school_status	graduated
user15882	want_job	teacher
user15882	has_ability	play instrument
user15882	have_chidren	son
user15883	has_hobby	bicycling
user15883	misc_attribute	competitive
user15883	like_goto	canada
user15883	has_profession	manager
user15883	other	name
user15884	like_sports	basketball
user15884	place_origin	texas
user15884	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user15884	have_chidren	<blank>
user15884	job_status	employed
user15885	school_status	will study computer science
user15885	school_status	student
user15885	school_status	graduated
user15885	like_activity	video games
user15885	other	vegetarian
user15886	want	someone
user15886	have_pet	3 dog
user15886	employed_by_general	architect firm
user15886	like_activity	fishing
user15886	like_activity	cooking
user15887	favorite_activity	gardening
user15887	has_age	77
user15887	other	am a widow
user15888	other	youngest
user15888	school_status	student
user15888	have_sibling	2 brother
user15888	like_activity	photography
user15888	like_general	blue
user15889	has_hobby	soccer
user15889	favorite	nike cleats
user15889	has_hobby	goalie
user15889	other	42 number is
user15889	misc_attribute	team player
user15890	like_general	littlest things
user15890	dislike	riding the bus
user15890	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user15890	job_status	employed
user15891	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15891	like_general	silver
user15891	school_status	student
user15891	have	1 rose tattoo
user15891	have	tattoos
user15892	like_watching	the voice
user15892	like_goto	places
user15892	attend_school	princeton
user15892	favorite_activity	museums
user15892	like_music	<blank>
user15893	attend_school	university
user15893	like_general	spend time with family
user15893	has_degree	business
user15893	like_sports	playing
user15894	like_general	headsets
user15894	have_family	parents
user15894	like_general	red
user15894	like_activity	travel
user15894	own	iphone
user15895	physical_attribute	tall
user15895	want_do	retire
user15895	job_status	not a basketball player
user15895	employed_by_company	ibm
user15895	like_music	the rolling stones
user15896	has_profession	design video games
user15896	dislike	afraid of the dark
user15896	dislike	broccoli
user15896	favorite_music	rock
user15897	other	vegan
user15897	has_profession	barista
user15897	favorite	rose
user15897	favorite_color	orange
user15898	have_pet	1 dog
user15898	have	6 shoe size women
user15898	want_job	journalist
user15898	has_ability	play instrument
user15898	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user15899	has_hobby	band
user15899	has_ability	play instrument
user15899	misc_attribute	sociable
user15899	want_job	director
user15900	has_ability	to move out
user15900	have_family	father
user15900	has_profession	general
user15900	has_age	32
user15901	favorite_season	summer
user15901	have	birthday in june
user15901	have_pet	cat
user15901	job_status	unemployed
user15901	have_family	mother
user15902	have_chidren	2 children
user15902	has_profession	yoga instruction
user15902	like_watching	western
user15902	want_do	travel
user15903	misc_attribute	moral
user15904	like_read	history
user15904	like_animal	animals
user15904	marital_status	engaged
user15905	misc_attribute	healthy
user15905	has_profession	yoga instruction
user15905	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user15905	like_activity	writing
user15905	like_movie	romantic comedy
user15906	want_do	propose
user15906	has_degree	graduate
user15906	has_profession	coach
user15907	job_status	employed
user15907	have	a girlfriend
user15907	other	am lesbian
user15907	like_activity	cooking
user15907	like_activity	singing
user15908	like_general	horses
user15908	have	seashells
user15908	have_pet	2 dog
user15908	has_profession	yoga instruction
user15908	have_chidren	1 son
user15909	have_pet	2 dog
user15909	has_profession	artist
user15909	want_do	move
user15909	has_hobby	hiking
user15909	has_ability	speak language
user15910	has_hobby	boat making
user15910	have_pet	dog
user15910	live_in_general	island
user15910	like_activity	fishing
user15911	job_status	employed
user15911	have_vehicle	car
user15911	job_status	work all the time
user15912	want	know
user15912	has_hobby	writing
user15912	job_status	employed
user15912	has_profession	trainer
user15913	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user15913	like_food	insect
user15913	has_hobby	surfing
user15913	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user15913	like_read	twilight
user15914	place_origin	london
user15914	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user15914	job_status	employed
user15914	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user15914	like_activity	painting
user15915	school_status	graduated
user15915	like_food	taco
user15915	want_job	doctor
user15915	attend_school	university of michigan
user15915	favorite_season	summer
user15916	favorite_book	jane austen
user15916	have_vehicle	boat
user15916	live_in_general	near the ocean
user15916	like_food	fish
user15917	like_food	meat
user15917	like_music	rap
user15917	favorite_food	steak
user15917	own	black car
user15917	has_profession	finance
user15918	<blank>	<blank>
user15918	has_hobby	soap making
user15918	has_ability	composting
user15918	favorite_food	fruit
user15919	want_do	pilot
user15919	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user15919	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user15919	like_general	colors
user15920	has_age	adult
user15920	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user15920	member_of	hobby club
user15920	have	10 tattoos
user15921	has_hobby	artist
user15921	misc_attribute	sad
user15921	like_activity	sculpting
user15921	have	shot lion
user15921	want_do	climbing
user15922	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user15922	have	10 tattoos
user15922	has_age	adult
user15922	has_hobby	driving
user15923	has_ability	play instrument
user15923	other	am lesbian
user15923	like_goto	comic con
user15923	has_profession	writer
user15924	like_general	blue
user15924	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15924	has_hobby	painting
user15924	has_profession	finance
user15925	like_watching	games shows
user15925	has_hobby	travel
user15925	dislike	green beans
user15925	misc_attribute	religious
user15926	attend_school	university
user15926	has_hobby	exercise
user15926	like_food	large meals
user15926	misc_attribute	social
user15926	like_sports	swimming
user15927	has_hobby	hunting
user15927	like_watching	television
user15927	physical_attribute	thin
user15927	physical_attribute	blonde
user15927	like_general	tigers baseball team
user15928	like_music	backstreet boys
user15928	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user15928	has_age	under 50
user15928	dislike	driving
user15928	like_food	cheese
user15929	job_status	retired
user15929	other	8 grandchildren
user15929	has_hobby	working out
user15929	physical_attribute	attractive
user15929	own	wear glasses
user15930	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user15930	have_chidren	son
user15930	like_activity	manicures
user15930	other	allergies
user15931	physical_attribute	slow
user15931	other	0 chewing food
user15931	like_goto	hospital
user15932	gender	male
user15932	place_origin	baton rouge
user15932	have_pet	parrot
user15933	job_status	employed
user15933	like_watching	anime
user15933	other	have never ate candy
user15933	have	nickname
user15934	own	motorcycle
user15934	attend_school	university
user15934	attend_school	high school
user15934	other	no accent
user15935	employed_by_general	circus
user15935	other	ketogenic
user15935	like_movie	<blank>
user15936	dislike	tofu
user15936	have_vehicle	prius
user15936	employed_by_general	<blank>
user15937	other	adopted
user15937	have	6 siblings
user15937	have_family	mother
user15937	dislike	future
user15938	place_origin	seattle
user15938	other	vegan
user15938	other	buddhist
user15938	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user15938	has_profession	public relations
user15939	has_ability	bird calls
user15939	other	partially blind
user15939	has_ability	recite young frankenstein word for word
user15939	has_hobby	volunteering
user15939	like_activity	sewing
user15940	favorite_color	grey
user15940	marital_status	single
user15940	employed_by_general	newspaper
user15940	like_activity	writing
user15941	has_profession	advertising executive
user15941	have_pet	dog
user15941	has_hobby	writing
user15942	misc_attribute	above average
user15942	like_general	desert
user15942	like_food	meat
user15942	not_have	degree
user15943	like_food	meat
user15943	has_ability	swim
user15943	like_general	anime
user15944	have	1 blue eye
user15944	have_pet	cat
user15944	has_ability	speak language
user15945	has_ability	digital art
user15945	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user15945	favorite_book	stephen king
user15946	like_sports	football
user15946	have_vehicle	ford
user15946	attend_school	university
user15946	like_movie	action
user15947	like_food	ice cream
user15947	like_activity	painting
user15947	like_food	pasta
user15947	like_food	cookies
user15948	like_general	the color blue
user15948	physical_attribute	blue hair
user15948	own	blue shoes
user15948	have_vehicle	car
user15948	like_music	elvis
user15949	marital_status	married
user15949	own	my home
user15949	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user15949	has_degree	masters
user15950	job_status	employed
user15950	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user15950	has_hobby	building furniture
user15950	have	bowled a 300 twice
user15951	previous_profession	lawyer
user15951	has_profession	judge
user15951	misc_attribute	fair
user15951	other	albert
user15951	want_job	in the federal court
user15952	live_in_general	park
user15952	not_have	car
user15952	favorite_color	purple
user15952	not_have	child
user15952	has_hobby	listens
user15953	like_music	classic rock
user15953	like_activity	fixing
user15953	employed_by_general	large company
user15953	like_drink	beer
user15953	like_activity	darts
user15954	like_music	classic rock
user15954	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user15954	attend_school	local college
user15954	has_hobby	watching television
user15955	want_do	travel
user15955	like_general	place
user15955	have_pet	2 dog
user15955	other	wild child
user15955	favorite_color	red
user15956	like_watching	sport
user15956	dislike	running
user15956	favorite_color	orange
user15956	have_pet	2 cat
user15956	have_chidren	child
user15957	like_sports	football
user15957	has_profession	roofer
user15957	favorite_food	steak
user15957	have_vehicle	truck
user15957	have	a beer
user15958	marital_status	divorced
user15958	like_read	<blank>
user15958	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user15958	employed_by_general	hospital
user15958	has_profession	nurse
user15959	like_animal	all animals
user15959	favorite_music	country
user15959	previous_profession	actress
user15959	other	vegan
user15959	like_general	my job
user15960	like_activity	running
user15960	has_hobby	cooking
user15960	like_general	blue
user15961	has_age	25
user15961	has_profession	mechanic
user15961	gender	male
user15961	have_pet	doberman
user15962	has_ability	play instrument
user15962	like_food	cake
user15962	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user15962	have_pet	2 dog
user15962	have_chidren	4 daughter
user15963	employed_by_general	theater
user15963	like_animal	animals
user15963	like_read	history
user15963	marital_status	engaged
user15964	want_job	teacher
user15964	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user15964	misc_attribute	picky
user15964	like_music	indie
user15964	like_animal	dog
user15965	misc_attribute	mean
user15965	misc_attribute	friendly
user15965	like_general	makeup
user15965	have	nice smile
user15965	like_activity	working out
user15966	dislike	swimsuit
user15966	favorite_season	winter
user15967	favorite_drink	orange juice
user15967	has_age	10
user15967	like_sports	water ski
user15967	other	arnold
user15968	like_activity	shopping
user15968	live_in_general	small town
user15968	attend_school	university
user15968	want_job	nurse
user15969	like_activity	travel
user15969	like_animal	cat
user15969	job_status	employed
user15969	like_general	car
user15970	want_job	doctor
user15970	like_food	taco
user15970	school_status	graduated
user15970	favorite_season	summer
user15971	dislike	homework
user15971	job_status	employed
user15971	misc_attribute	romantic
user15971	other	bad luck with relationships
user15971	misc_attribute	lazy
user15972	other	no accent
user15972	own	motorcycle
user15972	attend_school	university
user15973	want_do	texting
user15973	has_ability	sleep
user15973	like_sports	hockey
user15973	favorite_activity	computer time
user15974	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user15974	job_status	employed
user15974	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user15974	like_activity	painting
user15975	has_profession	writer
user15975	like_goto	museum
user15975	have_family	10 niece
user15975	marital_status	married
user15976	has_profession	teacher
user15976	like_activity	video games
user15976	like_activity	singing
user15976	like_movie	magic mike
user15976	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user15977	other	vegetarian
user15977	live_in_general	pig farm
user15977	dislike	animals in general
user15977	have	allergies
user15978	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user15978	have	3 roomates
user15978	have	eyebrow piercing
user15978	have_sibling	sister
user15978	other	parents are teachers
user15979	like_sports	surfing
user15979	previous_profession	clown
user15979	like_music	country
user15979	has_profession	reality tv star
user15980	favorite_food	pizza
user15980	misc_attribute	healthy
user15980	like_food	italian cuisine
user15980	other	east asian
user15980	other	tom
user15981	favorite_season	summer
user15981	dislike	dresses
user15981	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user15981	like_animal	butterfly
user15982	dislike	basketball
user15982	dislike	vegetables
user15982	misc_attribute	helpful
user15982	like_sports	badminton
user15983	dislike	waking up
user15983	misc_attribute	aloof
user15983	have	therapist
user15984	like_general	job
user15984	like_activity	cycling
user15984	like_goto	beeach
user15984	have_pet	dog
user15984	previous_profession	technician
user15985	like_sports	swimming
user15985	employed_by_company	navy
user15985	favorite_show	the voice
user15985	physical_attribute	tall
user15985	like_read	<blank>
user15986	like_watching	game of thrones
user15986	like_animal	rabbit
user15986	place_origin	alabama
user15986	dislike	sweet home alabama
user15987	want_job	teacher
user15987	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user15987	attend_school	university
user15988	favorite_animal	zebra
user15988	have	allergy
user15988	want_job	actress
user15988	employed_by_general	arena
user15988	has_profession	writer
user15989	want_do	<blank>
user15989	like_general	strangers
user15989	like_food	honey
user15989	has_ability	throwing parties
user15989	favorite_animal	monkey
user15990	misc_attribute	intelligent
user15990	has_profession	janitor
user15990	like_drink	whiskey
user15990	own	wear contacts
user15991	like_goto	nature
user15991	like_music	electronic
user15991	have	debt
user15991	school_status	student
user15991	want	move to another country
user15992	have	90000 dollars
user15992	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user15992	want_do	10 own horses
user15992	favorite_drink	1 beer
user15992	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user15993	has_profession	commercials
user15993	favorite_music	metal
user15993	like_activity	watching television
user15994	school_status	student
user15994	want_job	company owner
user15994	like_activity	programming
user15995	like_activity	skateboarding
user15995	physical_attribute	blonde
user15995	gender	female
user15995	attend_school	high school
user15996	favorite_color	green
user15996	like_goto	park
user15996	has_hobby	video games
user15996	job_status	employed
user15996	like_sports	running
user15997	like_sports	soccer
user15997	like_activity	working out
user15997	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user15997	favorite_food	healthy
user15998	own	black purse
user15998	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user15998	like_general	wearing black clothing
user15998	like_music	rock
user15999	have_vehicle	truck
user15999	like_sports	football
user15999	has_profession	roofer
user15999	have	a beer
user16000	like_music	country
user16000	<blank>	<blank>
user16000	has_ability	play instrument
user16000	<blank>	<blank>
user16001	previous_profession	musician
user16001	employed_by_general	online
user16001	previous_profession	factory worker
user16001	like_food	meat
user16002	like_general	technology
user16002	like_read	news
user16002	want_do	invest in stock market
user16002	want	find easy ways to make money
user16003	like_activity	horseback riding
user16003	have	homes
user16003	like_general	cars
user16003	other	eat less meat than usual
user16004	has_hobby	writing
user16004	favorite_color	black
user16004	<blank>	<blank>
user16004	want_do	<blank>
user16005	gender	female
user16005	dislike	tomato
user16005	have_chidren	2 children
user16005	physical_attribute	short
user16005	have	wheel chair
user16006	other	am curious about space
user16006	like_music	classical
user16006	dislike	regular life
user16006	have_family	<blank>
user16007	has_ability	unclear
user16007	has_ability	sing
user16007	misc_attribute	shy
user16007	misc_attribute	shy
user16008	favorite_animal	koala
user16008	dislike	beer
user16008	job_status	employed
user16008	other	lives with a roommate
user16009	have	crush
user16009	own	inhaler
user16009	has_hobby	tabletop games
user16009	live_in_general	a home
user16010	like_sports	baseball
user16010	like_sports	sports
user16010	employed_by_general	government
user16010	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user16011	has_hobby	tennis
user16011	favorite_food	hamburger
user16011	has_profession	accountant
user16011	like_general	red
user16011	favorite	hamilton
user16012	like_general	the nighttime
user16012	own	2 hoop earrings
user16012	have_pet	named charlie
user16012	has_profession	artist
user16013	have	severe anxiety disorder
user16013	have_chidren	children
user16013	other	pregnant
user16014	live_in_general	boat
user16014	marital_status	married
user16014	own	salon
user16014	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user16014	has_profession	hairdresser
user16015	want	go to mars
user16015	has_hobby	art
user16015	have_chidren	3 children
user16015	has_profession	scientist
user16016	have_pet	dog
user16016	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16016	like_music	smooth jazz
user16016	like_general	suits and ties
user16017	like_activity	travel
user16017	like_activity	building
user16017	like_general	place
user16017	<blank>	<blank>
user16017	physical_attribute	tall
user16018	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user16018	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user16018	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16018	like_food	food with no animal product
user16018	other	help with bookeeping
user16019	dislike	talking to people
user16019	favorite_food	nachos
user16019	has_hobby	d&d
user16019	like_drink	beverage
user16019	other	imaginative
user16020	employed_by_general	hotel
user16020	like_activity	surfing
user16020	like_general	snow
user16020	favorite	actor robert denaro
user16021	like_music	the story so far
user16021	like_food	meat
user16021	previous_profession	musician
user16021	previous_profession	factory worker
user16022	not_have	pet
user16022	has_profession	scout
user16022	have	car
user16022	like_food	brunch
user16022	have_vehicle	car
user16023	dislike	reading
user16023	has_ability	play instrument
user16023	dislike	pants
user16024	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user16024	like_activity	cooking
user16024	has_profession	cleaner
user16024	marital_status	married
user16025	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user16025	have_pet	skunk
user16025	has_degree	masters
user16025	have	green nails
user16026	misc_attribute	night owl
user16026	like_activity	programming
user16026	want_job	company owner
user16026	school_status	student
user16027	has_degree	education
user16027	job_status	employed
user16027	job_status	employed
user16027	has_age	22
user16027	like_general	children
user16028	has_profession	<blank>
user16028	like_activity	watching sunsets
user16028	job_status	unemployed
user16028	want_do	exercise
user16029	<blank>	travel
user16029	like_activity	travel
user16030	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user16030	member_of	church
user16030	like_read	agatha christie
user16030	have_chidren	5 children
user16031	like_watching	game of thrones
user16031	place_origin	alabama
user16031	like_animal	rabbit
user16031	dislike	sweet home alabama
user16032	has_profession	rapper
user16032	have_vehicle	ferrari
user16032	own	mansion
user16032	has_ability	play instrument
user16033	like_animal	butterfly
user16033	like_general	my little pony
user16033	like_activity	being weird
user16033	like_watching	anime
user16034	want	any car
user16034	attend_school	in a year
user16034	has_age	18
user16034	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user16034	have_family	parents
user16035	favorite_food	fried chicken
user16035	has_profession	pilot
user16035	marital_status	married
user16036	like_music	jazz
user16036	employed_by_general	factory
user16036	favorite_place	seattle
user16036	physical_attribute	broke nose
user16036	want	bike
user16037	school_status	graduated
user16037	want_do	major in business
user16037	have_vehicle	car
user16037	have	scholarship
user16037	has_age	18
user16038	has_ability	visiting
user16039	has_ability	lucky
user16039	job_status	employed
user16039	has_profession	owner
user16039	own	consulting firm
user16039	job_status	employed
user16040	have	3 roomates
user16040	have_sibling	sister
user16040	other	piercing
user16040	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user16041	have_family	father
user16041	like_activity	playing outside
user16041	have_family	mother
user16041	have	princess bed
user16041	has_age	4
user16042	employed_by_company	del taco
user16042	have_vehicle	bicycle
user16042	favorite_music_artist	up
user16042	has_ability	fall up stairs
user16043	like_activity	gambling
user16043	like_activity	talking on the phone
user16043	has_ability	1 speak language
user16043	like_activity	hiking
user16044	favorite_color	green
user16044	other	name is gerald
user16044	like_music	rock
user16044	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user16045	like_activity	cooking
user16045	favorite_color	green
user16046	like_goto	outdoors
user16046	has_hobby	hiking
user16046	favorite	pancakes
user16046	has_hobby	biking
user16047	like_general	furniture
user16047	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user16047	has_ability	play instrument
user16047	own	cds
user16048	other	mother 2 daughters
user16048	misc_attribute	people person
user16048	like_activity	rock climbing
user16049	misc_attribute	dull
user16049	misc_attribute	lazy
user16049	have_pet	1 dog
user16049	dislike	over eating
user16050	like_activity	horseback riding
user16050	like_activity	riding
user16050	like_general	cars
user16050	have	homes
user16051	like_activity	painting
user16051	physical_attribute	blonde
user16051	attend_school	university
user16052	employed_by_general	large company
user16052	like_drink	beer
user16052	like_activity	fixing
user16052	like_music	classic rock
user16053	has_hobby	driving
user16053	have_family	grandchild
user16053	like_general	sunshine
user16053	misc_attribute	confused
user16053	like_animal	dragon
user16054	like_general	canadian women
user16054	has_hobby	hiking
user16054	have_vehicle	prius
user16054	like_activity	relieving myself
user16055	have_family	father
user16055	has_ability	speak language
user16055	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user16055	favorite_food	ravioli
user16056	have	girlfriend
user16056	like_food	meat
user16056	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user16056	other	veteran
user16057	like_activity	driving
user16057	physical_attribute	tall
user16057	like_read	<blank>
user16058	like_general	time with friends
user16058	want_do	traveling
user16058	like_read	books
user16058	dislike	hot weather
user16058	dislike	country
user16059	dislike	working out
user16059	have_vehicle	bicycle
user16059	has_ability	play instrument
user16059	have_pet	3 dog
user16059	have	blood sugar problems
user16060	like_activity	saving
user16060	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user16060	like_music	blues
user16060	employed_by_general	bar
user16060	has_hobby	skiing
user16061	has_profession	nurse
user16061	has_profession	baker
user16061	like_activity	surfing
user16061	other	childhood
user16061	marital_status	married
user16062	dislike	running
user16062	have_chidren	child
user16062	has_ability	running
user16062	has_hobby	snowboarding
user16063	have_vehicle	car
user16063	like_music	rap
user16063	favorite	california love
user16063	have_vehicle	car
user16063	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user16064	have_sibling	8 children
user16064	has_profession	retailer
user16064	have	friends
user16064	want	love
user16065	want	autographs from authors
user16065	other	used to wear glasses
user16065	favorite_color	green
user16065	want_job	publishing
user16066	like_drink	coffee
user16066	has_profession	teacher
user16066	has_hobby	yoga
user16066	have_sibling	twin sister
user16067	have_chidren	2 children
user16067	has_profession	physical therapist
user16067	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user16067	have_pet	3 dog
user16068	have_pet	skunk
user16068	has_degree	masters
user16068	have	green nails
user16068	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user16069	has_ability	play instrument
user16069	has_age	25
user16069	attend_school	university
user16069	have_vehicle	ford
user16070	like_goto	nature
user16070	has_profession	teacher
user16070	favorite_food	salad
user16070	marital_status	single
user16071	misc_attribute	determined
user16071	like_goto	league
user16071	has_hobby	football
user16071	has_hobby	football
user16071	member_of	sports team
user16072	have_chidren	<blank>
user16072	job_status	employed
user16072	like_sports	basketball
user16072	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user16072	place_origin	texas
user16073	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user16073	school_status	did not graduate
user16074	has_profession	"veterinarians assistant"
user16074	have_pet	2 dog
user16074	like_animal	dog
user16074	have_pet	2 dog
user16075	favorite_music	metal
user16075	like_activity	working out
user16075	marital_status	engaged
user16076	like_goto	nail salon
user16076	like_goto	cafe
user16076	like_watching	we wrestling
user16076	has_profession	receptionist
user16077	like_animal	animals
user16077	employed_by_company	peta
user16077	other	vegetarian
user16077	like_activity	sewing
user16077	job_status	employed
user16078	has_degree	graduate
user16078	job_status	0 seeking employment
user16078	has_profession	small business owner
user16078	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user16078	other	am impressed
user16079	like_activity	hunting
user16079	like_general	katy perry
user16079	like_activity	sewing
user16079	have	a few friends
user16080	job_status	employed
user16080	like_activity	running
user16080	favorite_movie	16 candles
user16080	have_chidren	2 children
user16081	favorite_food	pasta
user16081	like_activity	helping
user16081	job_status	retired
user16081	live_in_general	rural area
user16082	favorite_color	hunter green
user16082	want_job	restauranteur
user16082	has_profession	chef
user16082	has_hobby	movies
user16083	other	sexual identity
user16083	misc_attribute	out of touch
user16083	gender	different
user16083	dislike	rejection from parents
user16084	have_pet	cat
user16084	have	boyfriend
user16084	dislike	chalk
user16085	dislike	waking up
user16085	misc_attribute	aloof
user16085	have	therapist
user16086	other	premature
user16086	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user16086	have_sibling	1 sister
user16087	have_chidren	daughter
user16087	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user16087	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user16087	want	magic was real
user16088	dislike	basketball
user16088	misc_attribute	helpful
user16088	like_sports	badminton
user16088	dislike	vegetables
user16089	like_general	red
user16089	like_activity	travel
user16089	own	phone
user16089	have_family	parents
user16090	want_job	librarian
user16090	physical_attribute	olive
user16090	other	wear glasses
user16090	have	green eyes
user16090	own	purse
user16091	misc_attribute	sheltered
user16091	want_do	raise hell
user16091	has_age	17
user16091	school_status	student
user16092	has_ability	play instrument
user16092	have_chidren	son
user16092	has_profession	finance
user16092	want_job	teacher
user16092	school_status	graduated
user16093	have_family	grandmother
user16093	has_hobby	singing
user16093	have	brown belt
user16094	has_ability	play instrument
user16094	has_ability	play instrument
user16094	like_activity	travel
user16094	like_music	classical
user16095	have_pet	1 dog
user16095	has_ability	dance and sing
user16095	has_ability	speak language
user16095	want_job	actor
user16095	live_in_general	los angeles
user16096	have_family	wife
user16096	previous_profession	actor
user16096	want_do	retire
user16096	have_chidren	children
user16096	has_profession	baker
user16097	want_do	go to college
user16097	like_activity	surfing
user16097	like_general	snow
user16097	employed_by_general	hotel
user16098	misc_attribute	religious
user16098	misc_attribute	carefree
user16098	has_profession	salesman
user16098	has_age	53
user16098	has_profession	fitness guru
user16099	like_general	boots
user16099	<blank>	<blank>
user16099	like_general	sleeping in
user16099	like_general	leather clothes
user16099	physical_attribute	black spiky hair
user16100	like_food	mexican cuisine
user16100	has_profession	teacher
user16100	like_read	history
user16100	like_activity	dance
user16100	place_origin	new hampshire
user16101	own	bowie knife
user16101	like_activity	watch
user16101	like_drink	water with protein powder
user16101	has_hobby	weight lifting
user16102	want_job	athlete
user16102	attend_school	elementary school
user16102	favorite_food	spaghetti
user16102	like_music	one direction
user16103	physical_attribute	tall
user16103	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user16103	like_general	red
user16103	has_hobby	water sports
user16104	gender	male
user16104	favorite_music_artist	ween
user16104	like_activity	gardening
user16104	like_activity	painting
user16105	like_activity	singing
user16105	have_pet	dog
user16105	misc_attribute	shy
user16105	misc_attribute	content
user16106	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user16106	like_food	organic
user16106	own	2 snakes
user16106	has_hobby	collect autographs
user16107	like_activity	swimming
user16107	like_food	taco
user16107	have_pet	3 cat
user16107	has_profession	secretary
user16107	favorite_color	orange
user16108	has_profession	actor
user16108	want_job	writer
user16108	has_ability	singing
user16108	like_activity	painting
user16109	like_drink	32 beer
user16109	marital_status	married
user16109	like_activity	traveling
user16109	employed_by_general	brewery
user16110	like_read	<blank>
user16110	like_goto	beach
user16110	like_music	country
user16110	job_status	employed
user16110	other	vegan
user16111	like_general	anime
user16111	previous_profession	not stated
user16111	has_ability	swim
user16111	like_food	meat
user16112	favorite_show	rick and morty
user16112	own	iphone
user16112	has_ability	writing a novel
user16112	favorite_color	black
user16113	like_read	comics
user16113	favorite	superman
user16113	want_job	superhero
user16113	has_age	8
user16113	other	<blank>
user16114	live_in_general	los angeles
user16114	have_pet	1 dog
user16114	want_job	actor
user16114	has_ability	speak language
user16114	has_ability	dance and sing
user16115	like_music	muggers
user16115	have	bizarre dreams
user16115	like_activity	surfing
user16115	marital_status	single
user16115	has_ability	earn passive income
user16116	want_do	climbing
user16116	misc_attribute	sad
user16116	has_hobby	artist
user16116	have	shot lion
user16116	like_activity	sculpting
user16117	has_ability	running
user16117	have_chidren	child
user16117	dislike	running
user16118	like_sports	golf
user16118	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16118	marital_status	married
user16118	like_music	classical
user16119	like_activity	fishing
user16119	have_vehicle	boat
user16119	have	5 grandchildren
user16119	<blank>	<blank>
user16120	like_activity	swimming
user16120	like_activity	cooking
user16120	favorite_color	green
user16121	has_hobby	gardening
user16121	like_read	enders game
user16121	like_read	<blank>
user16121	place_origin	kentucky
user16122	favorite_show	forensic files and jeopardy
user16122	dislike	country and jazz music
user16122	favorite_book	middlesex
user16122	favorite_food	italian
user16122	has_hobby	working out
user16123	like_activity	drawing and painting
user16123	have_vehicle	car
user16123	job_status	employed
user16123	own	house
user16123	like_general	blue
user16124	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user16124	misc_attribute	distant
user16124	want	food
user16124	like_general	forest
user16124	misc_attribute	reserved
user16125	has_profession	youtuber
user16125	has_ability	make videos
user16125	have_pet	cat
user16126	school_status	graduated
user16126	has_age	22
user16126	like_general	children
user16126	job_status	employed
user16127	own	cupcake business
user16127	employed_by_general	diner
user16127	like_activity	singing
user16127	has_ability	to be late
user16128	like_food	cakes
user16128	has_hobby	arguing
user16128	physical_attribute	hears voices
user16128	has_hobby	collecting
user16128	misc_attribute	lust
user16129	dislike	bread
user16129	misc_attribute	practical
user16130	misc_attribute	happy
user16130	has_hobby	knitting
user16130	like_activity	go to lake
user16130	like_music	<blank>
user16130	like_activity	walking
user16131	has_ability	to be late
user16131	employed_by_general	diner
user16131	own	cupcake business
user16131	have	roommate
user16131	like_activity	singing
user16132	have	never been to the west coast of the united states
user16132	have	passport
user16133	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user16133	physical_attribute	fat
user16133	like_general	blame
user16133	like_general	smelling my own farts
user16134	has_hobby	shopping
user16134	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user16134	marital_status	married
user16134	teach	first grade
user16134	like_drink	iced tea
user16135	dislike	dad
user16135	has_profession	programmer
user16135	like_general	cardigans
user16135	place_origin	spain
user16136	misc_attribute	romantic
user16136	misc_attribute	emotional
user16136	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user16136	school_status	dropped out
user16137	like_food	sugar
user16137	want_do	eating
user16137	other	am caucasian
user16137	like_sports	hockey
user16138	job_status	employed
user16138	favorite_book	tale of genji
user16138	physical_attribute	purple hair
user16139	has_profession	car salesman
user16139	like_activity	painting
user16139	like_food	meat
user16140	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16140	like_food	italian cuisine
user16140	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user16140	like_goto	italy
user16141	has_profession	pilot
user16141	marital_status	married
user16141	favorite_food	fried chicken
user16142	favorite_movie	horror
user16142	has_profession	veterinarian
user16142	like_activity	reading
user16142	other	christian
user16142	favorite_book	stephen king
user16143	attend_school	graduate school
user16143	marital_status	divorced
user16143	favorite_hobby	watching movies
user16144	like_sports	cycling
user16144	like_drink	tea
user16144	like_general	people
user16144	like_activity	drawing
user16144	like_food	egg
user16145	have_family	only child
user16145	like_activity	dancing
user16145	physical_attribute	blonde
user16145	like_goto	foreign countries
user16146	like_goto	beach
user16146	like_read	<blank>
user16146	job_status	employed
user16146	other	vegan
user16147	have_pet	named charlie
user16147	own	2 hoop earrings
user16147	like_general	the nighttime
user16148	like_activity	video games
user16148	like_drink	liquor
user16148	like_read	books
user16148	employed_by_general	marketing
user16149	own	2 monitors
user16149	own	ebooks
user16149	marital_status	single
user16149	like_movie	superhero
user16150	dislike	school
user16150	live_in_general	on lake
user16150	like_activity	walking
user16150	misc_attribute	romantic
user16151	like_general	blue
user16151	has_hobby	painting
user16151	has_profession	finance
user16151	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user16151	dislike	cleaning
user16152	has_profession	doctor
user16152	have_chidren	2 children
user16152	has_hobby	baseball
user16153	like_activity	reading
user16153	favorite_book	harry potter books
user16153	like_activity	reading
user16153	like_watching	tv
user16153	other	vegetarian
user16154	own	upholstery shop
user16154	other	mother
user16154	marital_status	married
user16154	live_in_general	by a lake
user16154	have_chidren	grandchildren
user16155	has_hobby	cooking
user16155	misc_attribute	talent
user16155	job_status	unemployed
user16155	like_activity	cooking
user16156	like_music	guitar
user16156	like_activity	skateboarding
user16156	like_activity	cycling
user16156	like_music	<blank>
user16157	like_sports	running
user16157	dislike	social obligations
user16157	like_watching	foreign
user16158	employed_by_general	university
user16158	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user16158	has_ability	play instrument
user16158	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user16158	like_goto	farmers market
user16159	like_activity	reading
user16159	has_degree	creative writing
user16159	have_sibling	3 sister
user16159	favorite_place	jamaica
user16159	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user16160	like_activity	photography
user16160	like_activity	hiking
user16160	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user16160	has_profession	engineer
user16161	dislike	death
user16161	like_activity	filming
user16161	misc_attribute	crazy
user16161	misc_attribute	friendly
user16162	have_pet	dog
user16162	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16162	like_general	suits and ties
user16162	like_music	smooth jazz
user16162	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16163	want	live in iceland
user16163	want	something interesting
user16163	like_general	cold winters
user16163	like_music	strange music
user16163	want	to be able to write in cursive
user16164	job_status	work all the time
user16164	have_vehicle	car
user16165	favorite	milena
user16165	has_hobby	martial arts
user16165	employed_by_general	fast food
user16165	have	something purple
user16166	like_activity	cooking
user16166	have_pet	cat
user16166	want_do	traveling
user16167	has_ability	play instrument
user16167	like_activity	cooking
user16167	has_ability	play instrument
user16167	like_music	classical
user16167	like_activity	travel
user16168	school_status	student
user16168	have_vehicle	honda
user16168	have_sibling	4 sibling
user16168	misc_attribute	scared
user16169	like_activity	video games
user16169	other	diabetic
user16169	like_music	rock
user16170	has_hobby	tabletop games
user16170	own	inhaler
user16170	have	crush
user16170	like_activity	rpg computer games
user16171	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user16171	have	bowled a 300 twice
user16171	job_status	employed
user16172	attend_school	graduate school
user16172	school_status	student
user16172	has_hobby	cooking
user16172	like_food	sushi
user16173	own	30 shoes
user16173	have_pet	4 cat
user16173	like_general	<blank>
user16173	like_activity	skateboarding
user16173	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user16174	like_general	katy perry
user16174	have	a few friends
user16174	like_activity	hunting
user16174	has_profession	baker
user16174	like_activity	sewing
user16175	like_activity	walking
user16175	has_hobby	knitting
user16175	like_music	<blank>
user16175	misc_attribute	happy
user16175	like_activity	go to lake
user16176	has_age	old
user16176	member_of	retirement home
user16176	like_activity	baking
user16177	job_status	employed
user16177	want_job	doctor
user16177	job_status	employed
user16178	like_activity	shopping
user16178	like_general	remodelling homes
user16178	favorite	halloween
user16178	like_sports	archery
user16178	like_activity	hunting
user16179	have	been in two car crashes
user16179	attend_school	university
user16179	like_sports	<blank>
user16179	like_drink	water
user16179	like_activity	watching television
user16180	other	six months to live
user16180	dislike	regular expressions
user16180	like_food	fried
user16180	other	allergic to lactose
user16181	have	allergies
user16181	live_in_general	pig farm
user16181	dislike	animals in general
user16181	other	vegetarian
user16182	have_pet	dog
user16182	<blank>	<blank>
user16182	<blank>	<blank>
user16182	like_music	country
user16183	has_age	adult
user16183	member_of	hobby club
user16183	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user16183	has_hobby	driving
user16183	have	10 tattoos
user16184	like_read	history
user16184	has_profession	technician
user16185	like_activity	singing
user16185	favorite_activity	cooking
user16185	own	trophies
user16185	like_activity	running
user16186	like_activity	football
user16186	gender	male
user16186	physical_attribute	beard
user16186	have_pet	dog
user16186	like_sports	cycling
user16187	employed_by_general	it
user16187	have_family	father
user16187	like_music	rap
user16187	like_food	meat
user16188	like_general	scratching
user16188	other	deaf man
user16188	dislike	driving
user16188	favorite	number is 7
user16188	like_activity	reading
user16189	physical_attribute	curly
user16189	like_general	crystals
user16189	like_activity	gardening
user16189	misc_attribute	independent
user16189	favorite_food	onion
user16190	own	casino
user16190	previous_profession	casino owner
user16190	other	bankrupt
user16190	other	rich
user16190	has_profession	president
user16191	employed_by_company	computer company
user16191	like_animal	fish
user16191	have_chidren	5 children
user16191	school_status	student
user16192	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user16192	like_food	food with no animal product
user16192	like_food	strawberry
user16192	have_pet	2 cat
user16192	like_goto	beach
user16193	has_ability	play instrument
user16193	dislike	pants
user16193	dislike	reading
user16194	have_family	grandmother
user16194	marital_status	divorced
user16194	have_chidren	2 children
user16194	job_status	employed
user16195	has_ability	play instrument
user16195	like_food	indian cuisine
user16195	has_hobby	play
user16195	want	to adopt a dog
user16196	other	vegan
user16196	favorite_food	taco
user16196	place_origin	france
user16196	school_status	student
user16196	like_activity	drawing
user16197	job_status	employed
user16197	own	consulting firm
user16197	has_profession	owner
user16197	job_status	employed
user16197	has_ability	lucky
user16198	like_animal	rabbit
user16198	place_origin	alabama
user16198	dislike	sweet home alabama
user16198	like_watching	game of thrones
user16199	attend_school	university
user16199	have_vehicle	ford
user16199	like_sports	football
user16200	has_hobby	martial arts
user16200	has_profession	safety patrol
user16200	like_read	harry potter
user16200	has_age	10
user16201	marital_status	married
user16201	has_ability	play instrument
user16201	has_profession	nurse
user16201	like_goto	national parks
user16202	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user16202	misc_attribute	shy
user16202	like_food	vegetables
user16202	physical_attribute	allergic
user16202	have	trouble connecting with family
user16203	physical_attribute	well put together
user16203	has_hobby	working out
user16203	have_family	no sibling
user16203	want	spouse
user16203	has_profession	marketing
user16204	like_activity	driving
user16204	physical_attribute	tall
user16204	have	survived
user16205	other	has driven race car
user16205	misc_attribute	personable
user16205	misc_attribute	dishonest
user16205	misc_attribute	physical
user16205	want_do	<blank>
user16206	like_activity	singing
user16206	misc_attribute	content
user16206	misc_attribute	shy
user16206	have_pet	dog
user16207	has_ability	play instrument
user16207	other	vegetarian
user16207	has_ability	dance
user16207	like_general	going to bed late
user16208	has_profession	teacher
user16208	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user16208	has_hobby	singing
user16208	misc_attribute	religious
user16209	like_food	egg
user16209	like_sports	cycling
user16209	like_activity	drawing
user16209	like_general	people
user16209	like_drink	tea
user16210	have_chidren	1 son
user16210	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user16210	like_animal	animals
user16210	other	vegan
user16210	has_hobby	walking
user16211	has_profession	veterinarian
user16211	like_sports	cycling
user16211	has_age	30
user16211	other	vegan
user16212	favorite	sleep
user16212	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user16212	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user16212	favorite	sleep
user16212	own	sneakers
user16213	live_in_general	pig farm
user16213	want_do	<blank>
user16213	dislike	animals in general
user16213	other	vegetarian
user16214	favorite_music	rock
user16214	like_sports	skiing
user16214	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user16214	has_hobby	traveling
user16215	have_chidren	2 children
user16215	physical_attribute	brunette
user16215	dislike	cleaning
user16216	has_hobby	reading
user16216	misc_attribute	witty
user16216	other	vegetarian
user16216	like_activity	dance
user16217	other	saw a solar eclipse
user16217	has_hobby	walking
user16217	have	high speed internet
user16217	has_hobby	chess
user16218	has_hobby	walking
user16218	have	high speed internet
user16218	has_profession	security guard
user16218	has_hobby	chess
user16218	other	saw a solar eclipse
user16219	like_general	cars
user16219	like_general	ford trucks
user16219	have_vehicle	ford
user16219	have_vehicle	ford
user16219	have_vehicle	truck
user16220	has_hobby	gardening
user16220	has_profession	musician
user16220	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user16220	has_ability	play instrument
user16221	other	mother
user16221	like_music	the rolling stones
user16221	like_activity	reading
user16221	has_profession	nurse
user16221	favorite_food	mexican food
user16222	like_activity	performing stand up comedy
user16222	has_profession	party planning
user16223	like_food	apple
user16223	like_food	fruit
user16223	dislike	meat
user16223	like_food	apple
user16224	has_profession	writer
user16224	have_pet	1 dog
user16224	like_activity	rock climbing
user16224	physical_attribute	hair is black
user16225	has_profession	designer
user16225	has_profession	design video games
user16225	job_status	unemployed
user16226	employed_by_general	cafe
user16226	like_general	books
user16226	have_pet	cat
user16227	has_ability	play instrument
user16227	want_job	teacher
user16227	has_profession	finance
user16227	school_status	graduated
user16228	like_general	the weather
user16228	like_music	one direction
user16228	like_activity	hiking
user16228	like_activity	skiing
user16228	place_origin	colorado
user16229	has_hobby	building furniture
user16229	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user16229	have	bowled a 300 twice
user16230	physical_attribute	blonde
user16230	want_do	painting
user16230	like_activity	painting
user16230	attend_school	university
user16231	like_general	ghost
user16231	favorite_color	yellow
user16231	like_music	80s
user16231	has_profession	wedding planner
user16231	want_job	architect
user16232	has_hobby	riding unicycle
user16232	have_pet	4 cat
user16232	attend_school	university
user16232	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16233	dislike	subtitles
user16233	want_do	save money
user16233	has_ability	speak language
user16233	like_watching	anime
user16234	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16234	other	help with bookeeping
user16234	like_food	food with no animal product
user16234	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user16234	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user16235	school_status	student
user16235	has_profession	receptionist
user16235	has_profession	receptionist
user16235	other	name is mary
user16235	school_status	student
user16236	job_status	employed
user16236	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user16236	have	bowled a 300 twice
user16236	has_hobby	building furniture
user16237	has_ability	play instrument
user16237	favorite_color	yellow
user16237	have	boyfriend
user16238	has_profession	pilot
user16238	have_sibling	twin sister
user16238	favorite_food	fried chicken
user16239	like_activity	watching television
user16239	like_music	death metal
user16239	live_in_general	a home
user16239	attend_school	university
user16240	like_food	meatloaf
user16240	like_music	lindsey stirling
user16240	like_drink	coffee
user16240	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user16240	own	2 packs
user16241	have_pet	parakeet
user16241	have	3 roommate
user16241	like_food	gummy bears
user16241	favorite_color	orange
user16242	have_chidren	2 children
user16242	like_food	mexican cuisine
user16242	like_general	summer
user16242	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user16243	like_activity	with friends
user16243	place_origin	farm
user16243	like_goto	rock concerts
user16243	other	carnivore
user16243	has_age	18
user16244	have	friends
user16244	like_activity	shopping
user16244	marital_status	single
user16244	own	bmw
user16245	employed_by_general	magazine
user16245	favorite_color	yellow
user16245	like_activity	working out
user16245	like_read	<blank>
user16245	like_activity	game halo
user16246	school_status	graduated
user16246	have_chidren	son
user16246	want_job	teacher
user16246	has_profession	finance
user16247	like_goto	grocery store
user16247	employed_by_general	gas station
user16247	want	to be the worlds foremost encyclopedia salesman
user16247	has_profession	salesman
user16248	have	1 new house
user16248	has_ability	brewing
user16248	like_activity	making coffee
user16248	other	gay
user16249	have_family	members
user16249	misc_attribute	angry
user16249	like_goto	bar
user16249	have_vehicle	jaguar
user16250	like_music	linkin park
user16250	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user16250	attend_school	high school
user16250	misc_attribute	quiet
user16251	like_goto	museum
user16251	has_profession	writer
user16251	marital_status	married
user16251	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16251	have_family	10 niece
user16252	has_age	22
user16252	like_general	children
user16252	job_status	employed
user16252	job_status	employed
user16253	want	medication
user16253	has_hobby	skydiving
user16253	own	olympic medal
user16253	like_music	queens of the stone age
user16254	other	had cancer
user16254	like_music	classical
user16254	other	dieting
user16254	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user16254	want	to become male model
user16255	have	beard
user16255	own	truck
user16255	like_music	rap
user16255	school_status	graduated
user16255	live_in_general	farm
user16256	like_food	candy
user16256	physical_attribute	unhealthy
user16256	gender	male
user16256	physical_attribute	overweight
user16257	have_pet	dog
user16257	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user16257	like_activity	video games
user16257	like_food	fish
user16258	like_general	blue
user16258	gender	transfemale
user16258	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user16258	has_age	20
user16258	like_food	pizza
user16259	want	house on beach
user16259	like_watching	nascar
user16259	like_activity	eating
user16260	employed_by_general	government
user16260	like_sports	baseball
user16260	favorite_sport	washington nationals
user16261	like_general	anime
user16261	like_food	meat
user16261	has_ability	swim
user16262	school_status	dropped out
user16262	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user16262	misc_attribute	romantic
user16262	misc_attribute	emotional
user16263	physical_attribute	sick
user16263	have_chidren	3 children
user16263	physical_attribute	pregnant
user16263	has_age	21
user16264	dislike	rising early
user16264	like_general	rain
user16264	like_activity	photography
user16264	like_general	candles
user16264	like_activity	spending money
user16265	like_goto	dates
user16265	school_status	student
user16265	like_goto	museum
user16265	other	vegan
user16265	school_status	student
user16266	dislike	alcohol
user16266	misc_attribute	anxious
user16266	like_sports	football
user16266	attend_school	alabama university
user16267	has_profession	accountant
user16267	like_food	potato
user16267	have	car
user16267	gender	male
user16267	have_pet	2 dog
user16268	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user16268	other	allergic to bees
user16268	physical_attribute	pink hair
user16268	employed_by_general	hospital
user16268	have_sibling	sibling
user16269	like_music	one direction
user16269	like_activity	hiking
user16269	like_activity	skiing
user16269	place_origin	colorado
user16270	like_activity	driving
user16270	<blank>	smoking
user16270	have	10 piercings
user16271	have	homes
user16271	like_general	cars
user16271	other	eat less meat than usual
user16271	like_activity	horseback riding
user16272	physical_attribute	short
user16272	have_family	8 brother
user16272	other	beard
user16273	job_status	employed
user16273	like_activity	walking
user16273	like_general	<blank>
user16273	like_goto	movie theater
user16274	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user16274	like_activity	working out
user16274	like_activity	collecting rocks
user16274	like_food	beans
user16275	like_animal	dogs and cats
user16275	live_in_general	house
user16275	have	friends
user16275	has_age	10
user16276	like_goto	restaurant
user16276	like_activity	cooking
user16276	like_music	drake
user16276	has_ability	play instrument
user16277	live_in_general	bed
user16277	have_pet	<blank>
user16277	like_activity	social media
user16277	employed_by_general	home
user16277	like_activity	video games
user16278	own	guns
user16278	marital_status	3 married
user16278	dislike	holidays
user16278	have_vehicle	ford
user16279	other	veteran
user16279	like_read	<blank>
user16279	like_read	enders game
user16279	place_origin	kentucky
user16279	has_hobby	gardening
user16280	like_activity	running
user16280	physical_attribute	blonde
user16280	like_general	blue
user16280	has_hobby	cooking
user16281	has_ability	play instrument
user16281	have	6 shoe size women
user16281	have_pet	1 dog
user16281	want_job	journalist
user16282	have_pet	cat
user16282	have_chidren	children
user16282	like_activity	cooking
user16282	has_hobby	gardening
user16283	like_music	van halen
user16283	want_job	doctor
user16283	like_activity	dungeons and dragons
user16283	like_activity	traveling
user16283	has_hobby	fashion
user16284	other	piercing
user16284	have_sibling	sister
user16284	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user16284	other	parents are teachers
user16285	<blank>	<blank>
user16285	have_chidren	5 children
user16285	like_activity	drawing
user16285	<blank>	<blank>
user16285	like_music	all genres
user16286	school_status	graduated
user16286	misc_attribute	quiet
user16286	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user16286	like_music	linkin park
user16287	own	guns
user16287	has_profession	police
user16287	have_vehicle	ford
user16287	marital_status	3 married
user16287	dislike	holidays
user16288	like_animal	animals
user16288	like_activity	walking
user16288	like_activity	watching
user16289	like_food	shrimp
user16289	has_ability	play instrument
user16289	has_ability	karate
user16289	has_hobby	vacation
user16290	misc_attribute	risky
user16290	dislike	winter
user16290	favorite_show	csi
user16290	want_job	smithsonian
user16291	like_music	classical
user16291	like_activity	cooking
user16291	has_ability	play instrument
user16291	has_ability	play instrument
user16291	like_activity	travel
user16292	has_hobby	football
user16292	like_general	politics
user16292	employed_by_general	candy store
user16292	like_activity	running
user16293	physical_attribute	strong
user16293	misc_attribute	athletic
user16293	school_status	student
user16294	want	more iron in my diet
user16294	have_pet	2 cat
user16294	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user16294	have_family	2 children
user16294	like_food	kale
user16295	like_activity	reading
user16295	has_degree	creative writing
user16295	have_sibling	3 sister
user16296	have_pet	cat
user16296	other	vegan
user16296	has_profession	barista
user16296	favorite	rose
user16297	like_animal	animals
user16297	favorite_music	band is a fine frenzy
user16297	employed_by_general	hotel
user16297	like_activity	reading
user16298	misc_attribute	shy
user16298	has_hobby	cloud watching
user16298	favorite	costco
user16298	has_profession	salesman
user16299	like_general	natural world beauty
user16299	like_read	fantasy
user16299	like_activity	hiking
user16299	like_animal	all animals
user16300	attend_school	graduate school
user16300	like_goto	beach
user16300	have_family	niece
user16300	has_hobby	cooking
user16301	has_hobby	artist
user16301	like_activity	sculpting
user16301	have	shot lion
user16301	want_do	climbing
user16302	have	vacation home
user16302	have_chidren	2 children
user16302	have_vehicle	suv
user16302	have_pet	3 dog
user16302	has_degree	law
user16303	employed_by_general	distributor
user16303	like_music	taylor swift
user16303	marital_status	married
user16303	have_chidren	toddler
user16304	have_vehicle	moped
user16304	like_activity	singing
user16304	favorite	halo 3
user16304	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user16305	like_watching	sport
user16305	has_hobby	working out
user16305	like_sports	basketball
user16306	has_profession	yoga instruction
user16306	misc_attribute	healthy
user16306	like_movie	romantic comedy
user16306	like_activity	writing
user16307	like_read	<blank>
user16307	have	no television
user16307	has_profession	teacher
user16308	dislike	social obligations
user16308	like_sports	running
user16308	like_watching	foreign
user16309	like_animal	dogs and cats
user16309	has_age	10
user16309	have	friends
user16309	live_in_general	house
user16310	like_animal	<blank>
user16310	have_pet	3 pets
user16310	want_job	veterinarian
user16310	like_goto	gym
user16310	other	dieting
user16311	has_profession	teacher
user16311	have_chidren	2 children
user16311	other	mother
user16311	have_pet	2 dog
user16312	has_ability	play instrument
user16312	has_hobby	vacation
user16312	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user16312	like_food	shrimp
user16313	have_chidren	1 son
user16313	like_animal	animals
user16313	other	vegan
user16313	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user16313	has_hobby	walking
user16314	dislike	cleaning
user16314	have_chidren	2 children
user16314	job_status	employed
user16315	school_status	graduated
user16315	has_profession	finance
user16315	like_food	takeout
user16315	misc_attribute	"looks down on people who didnt"
user16315	like_general	low taxes
user16316	like_general	place
user16316	favorite_color	red
user16316	have_pet	2 dog
user16316	other	wild child
user16317	have_pet	1 dog
user16317	has_hobby	cooking
user16318	previous_profession	mechanic
user16318	has_hobby	collecting bugs
user16318	has_ability	can build computers
user16318	employed_by_general	political office in 2004
user16318	want	join military when younger
user16319	have_pet	2 dog
user16319	like_general	<blank>
user16319	job_status	employed
user16319	like_activity	walking
user16320	like_food	food with no animal product
user16320	like_goto	0 library
user16320	employed_by_general	retailer
user16320	physical_attribute	red hair
user16321	has_profession	pilot
user16321	have_pet	2 dog
user16321	dislike	spiders
user16321	other	parents in the military
user16322	like_activity	filming
user16322	misc_attribute	friendly
user16322	misc_attribute	crazy
user16322	has_ability	bad lying
user16322	dislike	death
user16323	have_pet	2 dog
user16323	has_profession	teacher
user16323	other	mother
user16324	like_activity	traveling
user16324	job_status	volunteer
user16324	previous_profession	veteran
user16324	marital_status	20 married
user16324	favorite_sport	football
user16325	misc_attribute	friendly
user16325	have	nice smile
user16325	like_general	makeup
user16325	misc_attribute	mean
user16326	like_activity	fly model airplane
user16326	like_food	crab
user16326	has_hobby	kayaking
user16326	like_activity	running
user16326	like_music	imagine dragons
user16327	like_drink	expensive wine
user16327	job_status	unemployed
user16327	other	lost jewelry
user16327	have_pet	dog
user16328	favorite_hobby	reading
user16328	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user16328	favorite_book	stephen king
user16328	has_ability	digital art
user16329	has_ability	visiting
user16330	school_status	student
user16330	have_family	only child
user16330	like_general	red
user16331	like_general	pens
user16331	has_hobby	writing
user16331	like_general	thinking about being an artist
user16331	want_do	make more money
user16331	want	i did not have to work
user16332	misc_attribute	weird
user16332	have	2 hair
user16332	has_hobby	skateboarding
user16332	physical_attribute	<blank>
user16332	misc_attribute	lazy
user16333	like_watching	sport
user16333	other	vegan
user16333	has_hobby	yoga
user16333	like_sports	hockey
user16334	dislike	cooking
user16334	like_general	dress up
user16334	like_activity	skin care
user16334	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16334	misc_attribute	ambitious
user16335	like_music	madonna
user16335	employed_by_general	retailer
user16335	like_music	any
user16336	like_food	meat
user16336	like_watching	sport
user16336	like_music	country
user16336	have_vehicle	truck
user16336	like_activity	hunting
user16337	dislike	over eating
user16337	misc_attribute	dull
user16337	have_pet	1 dog
user16337	job_status	unemployed
user16338	has_profession	teacher
user16338	like_activity	shopping
user16339	have	1 new house
user16339	like_activity	making coffee
user16339	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user16339	other	gay
user16340	like_music	rap
user16340	favorite_food	steak
user16340	like_food	meat
user16340	has_profession	finance
user16340	own	black car
user16341	like_sports	surfing
user16341	previous_profession	clown
user16341	has_profession	reality tv star
user16342	like_food	green tea
user16342	like_activity	writing
user16342	has_profession	author
user16342	<blank>	<blank>
user16343	like_general	place
user16343	like_drink	whiskey
user16343	has_profession	janitor
user16343	misc_attribute	intelligent
user16344	dislike	losing things
user16344	like_food	fish
user16344	like_activity	hiking
user16344	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user16344	like_music	marduk
user16345	like_activity	hiking
user16345	like_movie	shows
user16345	like_general	being a guy
user16345	have_family	mother
user16346	has_profession	manager
user16346	misc_attribute	lose control
user16346	dislike	boss
user16346	like_music	bob marley
user16347	like_activity	singing
user16347	misc_attribute	shy
user16347	misc_attribute	content
user16347	have_pet	dog
user16348	like_read	books
user16348	like_general	time with friends
user16348	dislike	hot weather
user16348	dislike	country
user16348	want_do	traveling
user16349	misc_attribute	responsible
user16349	job_status	unemployed
user16349	like_drink	any drinks
user16350	want	live in iceland
user16350	like_general	cold winters
user16350	want	to be able to write in cursive
user16350	like_music	strange music
user16350	want	something interesting
user16351	like_sports	volley ball
user16351	like_activity	doing nails
user16351	like_food	pickled eggs
user16351	like_activity	hiking
user16351	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user16352	like_sports	football
user16352	attend_school	university
user16352	has_hobby	exercise
user16352	misc_attribute	social
user16353	own	greenhouse
user16353	<blank>	<blank>
user16353	has_hobby	soap making
user16353	has_ability	composting
user16353	favorite_food	fruit
user16354	has_hobby	drawing
user16354	employed_by_general	club
user16354	like_drink	soda
user16354	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16354	favorite_show	scooby doo
user16355	job_status	employed
user16355	own	consulting firm
user16355	has_profession	owner
user16355	job_status	employed
user16356	like_animal	dog
user16356	<blank>	<blank>
user16356	misc_attribute	happy
user16357	marital_status	married
user16357	like_goto	national parks
user16357	has_profession	nurse
user16357	has_ability	play instrument
user16358	has_profession	roofer
user16358	like_sports	football
user16358	favorite_food	steak
user16358	have	a beer
user16358	have_vehicle	truck
user16359	like_activity	talking
user16359	like_watching	sitcoms
user16359	have_vehicle	honda
user16359	want_do	<blank>
user16360	have	3 tattoos
user16360	other	did not know my dad
user16360	like_activity	driving
user16361	like_general	the story
user16361	other	wiccan
user16361	misc_attribute	disbelief
user16361	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16362	like_activity	bowling
user16362	has_profession	pediatrician
user16362	have_family	<blank>
user16362	marital_status	married
user16363	like_food	pretzels
user16363	like_watching	science fiction
user16363	other	omnivore
user16363	employed_by_general	railroad
user16363	like_music	vnv nation
user16364	other	childhood
user16364	marital_status	married
user16364	like_activity	surfing
user16364	has_profession	nurse
user16365	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user16365	misc_attribute	depressed
user16365	want_job	professional eater
user16365	dislike	cleaning
user16366	like_activity	painting
user16366	has_profession	car salesman
user16366	like_food	meat
user16367	have	braces
user16367	want_do	dieting
user16367	has_hobby	drawing
user16367	misc_attribute	talkative
user16368	school_status	student
user16368	has_profession	receptionist
user16368	other	name is mary
user16368	school_status	student
user16369	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16369	like_watching	scobby doo
user16369	like_drink	soda
user16369	has_hobby	drawing
user16370	favorite_food	taco
user16370	place_origin	france
user16370	school_status	student
user16371	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user16371	has_profession	salesman
user16371	like_activity	cycling
user16371	have	condo
user16371	like_general	blue
user16372	like_activity	painting
user16372	favorite_music_artist	ween
user16372	like_food	pizza
user16372	gender	male
user16372	like_activity	gardening
user16373	has_profession	truck driver
user16373	like_food	wings
user16373	have_chidren	3 children
user16373	place_origin	trailer park
user16374	favorite	toyota cars
user16374	like_general	vote
user16374	want	truck
user16374	dislike	overtime
user16374	employed_by_general	hospital
user16375	job_status	retired
user16375	like_activity	dating women
user16375	like_activity	going to bars
user16375	like_activity	working out
user16376	has_age	19
user16376	like_sports	baseball
user16376	has_hobby	baseball
user16376	has_hobby	baseball
user16377	favorite	rose
user16377	like_activity	baking
user16377	place_origin	texas
user16378	member_of	city council
user16378	own	home
user16378	like_activity	outdoors
user16378	have_pet	10 alpacas
user16378	like_food	locally sourced
user16379	live_in_general	away from parents
user16379	like_general	cartoons
user16379	have_family	mother
user16379	like_general	audiobookms
user16379	like_goto	water
user16380	like_activity	shopping
user16380	has_profession	teacher
user16381	have_chidren	2 children
user16381	has_hobby	hunting
user16381	like_goto	local animal shelter
user16381	have_pet	2 cat
user16381	other	parents are teachers
user16382	like_general	people
user16382	like_activity	rock climbing
user16382	other	mother 2 daughters
user16382	misc_attribute	angry
user16383	has_profession	disc jockey
user16383	have	friends
user16383	physical_attribute	handicapped
user16383	other	am blind
user16384	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user16384	like_activity	video games
user16384	has_profession	teacher
user16384	like_activity	singing
user16384	like_movie	magic mike
user16385	has_profession	teacher
user16385	have_pet	2 dog
user16385	other	mother
user16385	have_chidren	2 children
user16386	school_status	student
user16386	has_profession	receptionist
user16386	has_profession	receptionist
user16386	school_status	student
user16386	other	name is mary
user16387	favorite_movie	disney movies
user16387	have_family	parents
user16387	like_sports	soccer
user16387	has_hobby	reading
user16388	school_status	student
user16388	like_goto	beach
user16388	job_status	employed
user16388	marital_status	married
user16389	has_profession	dental assistant
user16389	like_activity	clubbing
user16389	own	universe
user16389	misc_attribute	borderline personality disorder
user16390	has_profession	plumber
user16390	has_ability	4 speak language
user16390	other	award winner
user16390	has_hobby	volunteering
user16390	has_ability	impersonations
user16391	misc_attribute	above average
user16391	like_watching	talk show
user16391	like_activity	gossiping
user16391	dislike	kissing
user16392	has_profession	receptionist
user16392	like_watching	we wrestling
user16392	like_goto	nail salon
user16393	has_profession	design video games
user16393	favorite_music	rock
user16393	dislike	broccoli
user16393	dislike	afraid of the dark
user16394	physical_attribute	pink hair
user16394	employed_by_general	bookstore
user16394	have	girlfriend
user16394	live_in_general	city
user16395	favorite_food	shrimp
user16395	like_activity	watching videos
user16395	favorite	third-party softtware
user16395	have_pet	dog
user16395	like_food	pumpkins
user16396	have_pet	3 cat
user16396	has_profession	secretary
user16396	like_activity	swimming
user16396	favorite_color	orange
user16396	like_food	taco
user16397	have_chidren	3 children
user16397	has_profession	teacher
user16397	<blank>	<blank>
user16397	live_in_general	suburbs
user16397	school_status	graduated
user16398	like_general	explosions
user16398	employed_by_company	military
user16398	like_activity	traveling
user16398	like_food	brownies
user16398	like_animal	cat
user16399	want_job	nurse
user16399	attend_school	university
user16399	like_activity	shopping
user16399	live_in_general	small town
user16400	favorite_sport	basketball
user16400	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user16400	has_hobby	running
user16400	like_general	vancouver grizzlies
user16400	has_hobby	running
user16401	has_profession	accountant
user16401	favorite	hamilton
user16401	has_hobby	tennis
user16401	like_general	red
user16401	favorite_food	hamburger
user16402	want	find easy ways to make money
user16402	want_do	invest in stock market
user16402	like_general	technology
user16402	has_ability	website design
user16403	has_profession	teacher
user16403	favorite	donna karen clothes
user16403	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user16403	has_hobby	singing
user16404	has_hobby	painting
user16404	have	been to new york city
user16404	want_job	curator
user16404	favorite_music_artist	beastie boys
user16405	employed_by_general	museum
user16405	like_goto	park
user16405	physical_attribute	wheelchair
user16405	other	not many friends
user16405	has_hobby	reading
user16406	like_sports	running
user16406	like_food	hamburgers
user16406	dislike	winter
user16406	has_profession	electrician
user16407	own	wear contacts
user16407	physical_attribute	brunette
user16407	like_activity	cycling
user16407	like_food	carrots
user16408	have	large mustache
user16408	previous_profession	reporter
user16408	live_in_general	condo
user16409	physical_attribute	purple hair
user16409	job_status	employed
user16410	has_hobby	yoga
user16410	like_drink	coffee
user16410	has_profession	teacher
user16410	like_food	chocolate
user16410	have_sibling	twin sister
user16411	own	farm
user16411	have_pet	3 dog
user16411	gender	male
user16411	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user16412	like_goto	beach
user16412	like_food	food with no animal product
user16412	like_food	strawberry
user16412	have_pet	2 cat
user16412	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user16413	like_read	<blank>
user16413	like_animal	animals
user16413	school_status	student
user16413	other	vegan
user16413	like_music	country
user16414	live_in_general	city
user16414	physical_attribute	pink hair
user16414	have	girlfriend
user16415	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user16415	like_sports	soccer
user16415	misc_attribute	healthy
user16415	want	cool
user16416	employed_by_company	del taco
user16416	have_vehicle	bicycle
user16416	has_ability	fall up stairs
user16416	like_food	french fries
user16417	like_goto	hospital
user16417	other	0 chewing food
user16417	physical_attribute	slow
user16418	like_sports	basketball
user16418	has_hobby	working out
user16418	like_watching	sport
user16418	have	many cars
user16419	like_food	pizza
user16419	like_goto	beach
user16419	like_read	mystery
user16420	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user16420	favorite_hobby	chess
user16420	have	pink hair
user16420	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user16421	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user16421	have_chidren	son
user16421	like_activity	manicures
user16421	other	allergies
user16422	like_activity	reading
user16422	have_sibling	3 sister
user16422	favorite_place	jamaica
user16422	has_degree	creative writing
user16422	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user16423	other	cant drive
user16423	marital_status	married
user16423	has_hobby	diet
user16423	marital_status	married
user16423	has_age	32
user16424	like_general	baking
user16424	has_ability	making wedding cakes
user16424	like_activity	walking
user16424	like_watching	plays
user16425	member_of	retirement home
user16425	has_age	old
user16425	like_activity	baking
user16426	like_food	blue jello
user16426	physical_attribute	long red hair
user16426	dislike	asparagus
user16426	job_status	employed
user16427	like_general	christmas
user16427	want	magic was real
user16427	like_activity	getting packages in the mail
user16427	have_chidren	daughter
user16427	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user16428	misc_attribute	practical
user16428	dislike	bread
user16429	physical_attribute	1 arm
user16429	has_profession	farmer
user16429	school_status	graduated
user16429	have_family	sibling
user16429	like_activity	hiking
user16430	have	friends
user16430	has_profession	retailer
user16430	want	love
user16430	have_sibling	8 children
user16430	like_goto	mcdonald
user16431	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user16431	has_hobby	gambling
user16431	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user16431	like_food	shrimp
user16432	has_profession	teacher
user16432	has_hobby	singing
user16432	misc_attribute	religious
user16432	like_activity	symphony orchestra
user16432	favorite	donna karen clothes
user16433	have_vehicle	suv
user16433	have_pet	3 dog
user16433	have_chidren	2 children
user16433	have	vacation home
user16433	has_degree	law
user16434	gender	female
user16434	have_chidren	children
user16435	misc_attribute	dishonest
user16435	misc_attribute	personable
user16435	misc_attribute	physical
user16435	other	has driven race car
user16435	want_do	<blank>
user16436	gender	female
user16436	have_family	only child
user16436	other	nancy
user16436	like_general	barbie
user16436	favorite_music	barbie girl
user16437	like_music	metal
user16437	has_profession	teacher
user16437	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user16437	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user16437	have_chidren	2 son
user16438	has_ability	to cure the common cold
user16438	have	nickname
user16438	want	to take over the world
user16438	like_activity	singing
user16439	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user16439	physical_attribute	short
user16439	like_drink	coffee
user16439	other	bad genetics
user16439	have_pet	dog
user16440	physical_attribute	allergic to nuts
user16440	school_status	student
user16440	like_read	books
user16440	like_read	1984
user16441	have_chidren	child
user16441	dislike	running
user16441	has_hobby	snowboarding
user16441	has_ability	running
user16442	like_activity	singing
user16442	<blank>	<blank>
user16442	favorite	halo 3
user16442	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user16442	have_vehicle	moped
user16443	favorite	apple
user16443	like_general	morning
user16443	has_ability	marathon runner
user16443	like_general	winter
user16444	favorite_color	purple
user16444	dislike	science
user16444	job_status	seeking employment
user16445	favorite_music_artist	ween
user16445	like_activity	painting
user16445	gender	male
user16445	like_activity	gardening
user16446	has_profession	gamer
user16446	like_animal	dog
user16446	has_hobby	walking
user16446	like_activity	play league of legends
user16446	marital_status	single
user16447	have	beard
user16447	like_music	rap
user16447	school_status	graduated
user16447	own	truck
user16448	employed_by_general	laboratory
user16448	have_sibling	2 brother
user16448	misc_attribute	romantic
user16448	other	vegan
user16449	favorite_color	orange
user16449	like_watching	sport
user16449	dislike	running
user16449	have_pet	2 cat
user16450	has_hobby	blogging
user16450	like_general	line drying clothing
user16450	other	allergies
user16450	want	ferret
user16450	have_family	mother
user16451	like_read	romance
user16451	employed_by_general	army
user16451	have_vehicle	prius
user16451	physical_attribute	freckles
user16451	has_profession	builder
user16452	dislike	singing
user16452	place_origin	georgia
user16452	has_ability	play instrument
user16452	want_do	have kids
user16452	like_food	chocolate
user16453	have_pet	dog
user16453	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user16453	other	gene to detect asparagus
user16453	like_drink	coffee
user16453	physical_attribute	short
user16454	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user16454	like_watching	netflix
user16454	has_profession	programmer
user16454	favorite_food	italian
user16455	favorite_color	yellow
user16455	like_read	<blank>
user16455	like_activity	game halo
user16455	employed_by_general	magazine
user16455	like_activity	working out
user16456	employed_by_general	home
user16456	like_activity	social media
user16456	have_pet	<blank>
user16456	like_activity	video games
user16457	like_read	female authors
user16457	like_watching	news
user16457	like_general	activism
user16457	like_activity	activist work
user16458	have_vehicle	car
user16458	have	red purse
user16458	own	red lipstick
user16458	<blank>	<blank>
user16458	like_general	red shoes
user16459	like_general	headsets
user16459	like_activity	travel
user16459	like_general	red
user16459	own	phone
user16460	has_hobby	writing
user16460	dislike	0 <blank>
user16460	has_ability	novel writing
user16460	want_job	author
user16461	have	single bed
user16461	like_general	rain
user16461	have_vehicle	van
user16462	like_general	blue
user16462	have_pet	5 cat
user16462	nationality	british
user16463	dislike	kids
user16463	have_family	3 ex wives
user16463	dislike	acting
user16463	have_vehicle	ferrari
user16464	like_general	helping others
user16464	has_degree	nursing
user16464	favorite_food	sushi
user16465	have_vehicle	lexus
user16465	dislike	math
user16465	favorite_hobby	dancing
user16465	have_pet	dog
user16466	have_vehicle	jaguar
user16466	gender	male
user16466	misc_attribute	angry
user16466	like_goto	bar
user16466	have_family	members
user16467	have	beard
user16467	other	viking
user16467	live_in_general	a cold location
user16467	like_activity	fishing
user16468	like_goto	bar
user16468	misc_attribute	angry
user16468	gender	male
user16468	dislike	family
user16468	have_vehicle	jaguar
user16469	own	wear contacts
user16469	like_food	carrots
user16469	physical_attribute	brunette
user16469	physical_attribute	athletic
user16469	like_activity	cycling
user16470	has_ability	ski racer
user16470	has_hobby	skiing
user16470	has_hobby	skiing
user16470	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user16471	misc_attribute	anxious
user16471	has_profession	editing
user16471	have_family	1 father
user16471	have_pet	cat
user16471	live_in_general	"parents house"
user16472	like_goto	comic-con
user16472	like_general	anime
user16472	own	band tees
user16473	has_profession	coffee shop
user16473	like_activity	singing
user16473	favorite_show	dancing with the stars
user16473	school_status	student
user16474	has_hobby	video games
user16474	like_animal	cat
user16474	has_profession	baker
user16474	physical_attribute	overweight
user16474	have_family	husband
user16475	has_degree	communications
user16475	other	orphan
user16475	has_hobby	whittling
user16475	employed_by_general	navy
user16475	like_music	folk
user16476	favorite_music_artist	iron maiden
user16476	like_activity	model building
user16476	favorite_food	italian
user16477	live_in_general	city
user16477	other	walking
user16477	misc_attribute	helpful
user16477	like_goto	market
user16478	like_activity	baking
user16478	favorite_music	country
user16478	job_status	employed
user16478	like_general	internet
user16478	other	vegetarian
user16479	have_pet	cat
user16479	like_drink	coffee
user16479	own	rose garden
user16479	like_activity	swimming
user16480	marital_status	married
user16480	has_profession	nurse
user16480	other	childhood
user16480	like_activity	surfing
user16480	has_profession	baker
user16481	like_general	it
user16481	like_activity	football
user16482	live_in_general	suburbs
user16482	school_status	graduated
user16482	have_chidren	3 children
user16482	has_profession	teacher
user16483	like_activity	horseback riding
user16483	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user16483	have_chidren	2 son
user16483	has_hobby	camping
user16484	own	upholstery shop
user16484	other	mother
user16484	live_in_general	by a lake
user16484	have_chidren	grandchildren
user16485	has_hobby	shopping
user16485	have_vehicle	ford
user16485	like_general	katy perry
user16485	employed_by_general	retailer
user16486	like_read	female authors
user16486	like_general	activism
user16486	has_profession	legal assistant
user16486	like_activity	activist work
user16486	like_watching	news
user16487	school_status	graduated
user16487	want_do	play
user16487	want_do	basketball
user16487	have	knee surgery
user16487	physical_attribute	tall
user16488	school_status	student
user16488	live_in_general	home
user16488	employed_by_general	library
user16488	have	2 science classes
user16489	have_vehicle	ford
user16489	have_vehicle	ford
user16489	have_vehicle	truck
user16489	like_general	cars
user16490	like_drink	coffee
user16490	like_music	pink
user16490	job_status	employed
user16491	misc_attribute	healthy
user16491	like_food	italian cuisine
user16491	other	tom
user16491	other	east asian
user16491	favorite_food	pizza
user16492	have_sibling	1 sister
user16492	like_animal	dog
user16492	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user16492	place_origin	san francisco
user16492	like_activity	travel
user16493	has_ability	ride
user16493	like_activity	writing
user16493	own	glasses
user16493	have	laptop
user16494	job_status	unemployed
user16494	like_activity	video games
user16494	other	diabetic
user16494	like_music	rock
user16495	like_activity	photography
user16495	like_activity	spending money
user16495	dislike	rising early
user16495	like_general	rain
user16495	like_general	candles
user16496	have_family	sibling
user16496	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user16496	employed_by_general	hospital
user16496	other	allergic to bees
user16496	physical_attribute	pink hair
user16497	favorite	pancakes
user16497	has_hobby	hiking
user16497	like_goto	outdoors
user16497	marital_status	in a relationship
user16498	like_activity	football
user16498	like_general	fun
user16498	like_drink	beer
user16499	like_goto	outside
user16499	want	pet
user16499	misc_attribute	shallow
user16500	want	house on beach
user16500	like_watching	nascar
user16500	like_activity	eating
user16501	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user16501	marital_status	married
user16501	like_drink	iced tea
user16501	has_hobby	shopping
user16501	teach	first grade
user16502	physical_attribute	brunette
user16502	has_age	21
user16502	like_goto	outdoors
user16502	member_of	other club
user16502	live_in_general	ranch
user16503	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user16503	dislike	the taste of cheese
user16503	has_ability	cooking
user16503	have_chidren	daughter
user16504	employed_by_general	daycare
user16504	have_family	partner
user16504	attend_school	university
user16504	school_status	major in business administration
user16505	has_ability	300 speak language
user16505	want	parents
user16505	own	mansion
user16505	dislike	school
user16506	misc_attribute	night owl
user16506	like_activity	programming
user16506	school_status	student
user16506	want_job	company owner
user16507	have_chidren	child
user16507	dislike	running
user16507	like_watching	sport
user16507	favorite_color	orange
user16507	have_pet	2 cat
user16508	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user16508	has_ability	not technology
user16508	misc_attribute	savage
user16508	misc_attribute	depressed
user16508	like_general	place
user16509	like_general	scratching
user16509	favorite	number is 7
user16509	dislike	driving
user16509	like_activity	reading
user16509	other	deaf man
user16510	has_hobby	video games
user16510	physical_attribute	buff
user16510	marital_status	married
user16511	have_pet	10 alpacas
user16511	like_activity	outdoors
user16511	like_food	locally sourced
user16511	member_of	city council
user16512	have	90000 dollars
user16512	favorite_drink	1 beer
user16512	want_do	10 own horses
user16512	want	to have my own teaching program for horse racing
user16512	has_profession	horse racing handicapper
user16513	has_profession	bartender
user16513	previous_profession	marine
user16513	has_hobby	reading
user16513	other	vegetarian
user16514	dislike	future
user16514	have_family	mother
user16514	have	6 siblings
user16514	other	adopted
user16515	gender	male
user16515	like_sports	cycling
user16515	physical_attribute	beard
user16515	have_pet	dog
user16515	like_activity	football
user16516	employed_by_general	hotel
user16516	want_do	college.
user16516	favorite	actor robert denaro
user16516	like_general	snow
user16516	like_activity	surfing
user16517	like_food	meat
user16517	have	alias
user16517	like_music	the story so far
user16517	employed_by_company	online
user16517	like_goto	festivals
user16518	dislike	losing
user16518	favorite_season	spring
user16518	like_activity	fishing
user16518	have	boots
user16519	like_activity	painting
user16519	like_activity	gardening
user16519	favorite_music_artist	ween
user16519	like_food	pizza
user16520	like_general	shoes
user16520	like_activity	dance
user16520	like_activity	shopping
user16520	like_food	pizza
user16520	like_food	burrito
user16521	has_profession	artist
user16521	like_watching	game of thrones
user16521	have_pet	cat
user16521	like_activity	walking
user16522	own	red lipstick
user16522	<blank>	<blank>
user16522	like_general	red shoes
user16522	have	red purse
user16522	have_vehicle	car
user16523	have_pet	cat
user16523	want_do	traveling
user16523	like_activity	cooking
user16524	gender	female
user16524	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user16524	favorite_color	purple
user16524	has_hobby	swimming
user16524	has_degree	masters
user16525	other	allergic to bees
user16525	have_sibling	sibling
user16525	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user16525	employed_by_general	hospital
user16526	have	friend
user16526	want_do	drugs
user16526	like_music	ke ha
user16526	like_activity	living in texas
user16526	dislike	pudding
user16527	want	spouse
user16527	has_profession	marketing
user16527	physical_attribute	well put together
user16527	have_family	no sibling
user16528	have_pet	3 cat
user16528	like_activity	swimming
user16528	like_food	taco
user16528	favorite_color	orange
user16529	want	medication
user16529	has_hobby	skydiving
user16529	own	olympic medal
user16529	like_food	french fries
user16529	like_music	queens of the stone age
user16530	have	allergies
user16530	like_animal	cat
user16530	dislike	dust
user16530	physical_attribute	red skin
user16531	favorite_activity	float the river
user16531	has_ability	running
user16531	favorite_activity	fishing
user16531	like_food	ice cream
user16532	have_pet	dog
user16532	misc_attribute	smart
user16532	want	money
user16533	has_profession	cartographer
user16533	previous_profession	nurse
user16533	like_activity	wrestling
user16533	like_activity	painting
user16534	attend_school	high school
user16534	other	braces
user16534	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user16534	has_age	15
user16535	member_of	hobby club
user16535	have_pet	fish
user16535	has_hobby	donating clothes
user16536	like_activity	video games
user16536	have_pet	<blank>
user16536	live_in_general	bed
user16536	employed_by_general	home
user16536	like_activity	social media
user16537	attend_school	university
user16537	like_music	country
user16537	employed_by_company	scrubway
user16537	misc_attribute	optimistic
user16537	want_do	video games
user16538	other	was accepted to participate
user16538	misc_attribute	shy
user16538	has_ability	unclear
user16538	has_ability	sing
user16539	has_ability	play instrument
user16539	have_sibling	twin brother
user16539	misc_attribute	helpful
user16539	want_do	skydiving
user16540	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user16540	gender	female
user16540	own	agency
user16540	marital_status	married
user16541	like_watching	disney movies
user16541	member_of	dance team
user16541	attend_school	high school
user16541	like_activity	dance
user16542	like_sports	golf
user16542	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16542	like_general	my work
user16542	like_music	classical
user16542	marital_status	married
user16543	has_profession	retailer
user16543	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user16543	has_ability	cooking
user16543	have_chidren	daughter
user16544	like_food	takeout
user16544	misc_attribute	patriotic
user16544	other	look down on people
user16544	school_status	graduated
user16544	has_profession	finance
user16545	favorite_book	harry potter books
user16545	like_activity	reading
user16545	like_watching	tv
user16545	like_activity	reading
user16545	other	vegetarian
user16546	like_music	country
user16546	like_read	<blank>
user16546	school_status	student
user16546	other	vegan
user16546	like_animal	animals
user16547	live_in_general	farm
user16547	have	beard
user16547	like_music	rap
user16547	own	truck
user16547	school_status	graduated
user16548	like_activity	gardening
user16548	want_do	skydiving
user16548	has_ability	play instrument
user16548	misc_attribute	helpful
user16548	have_sibling	twin brother
user16549	gender	male
user16549	like_food	sweets
user16549	misc_attribute	unsociable
user16549	misc_attribute	careful
user16549	other	jack of all trades
user16550	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user16550	has_profession	waitress
user16550	has_hobby	biking
user16550	like_activity	drawing
user16550	have_sibling	5 sibling
user16551	like_general	barbie
user16551	favorite_music	barbie girl
user16551	gender	female
user16551	other	nancy
user16552	misc_attribute	helpful
user16552	like_activity	gardening
user16552	want_do	skydiving
user16552	has_ability	play instrument
user16552	have_sibling	twin brother
user16553	like_music	all genres
user16553	<blank>	<blank>
user16553	like_activity	drawing
user16553	<blank>	<blank>
user16553	have_chidren	5 children
user16554	have_vehicle	ferrari
user16554	dislike	acting
user16554	have_family	3 ex wives
user16554	dislike	kids
user16555	like_activity	video games
user16555	other	carnivore
user16555	other	gay
user16555	has_profession	welder
user16556	has_hobby	singing
user16556	favorite_place	florida
user16556	like_activity	skiing
user16557	like_music	country
user16557	has_profession	writer
user16557	has_hobby	puzzles
user16558	like_watching	western
user16558	have_chidren	2 children
user16558	has_profession	yoga instruction
user16558	want_do	travel
user16559	own	rose garden
user16559	have_pet	cat
user16559	like_drink	coffee
user16560	like_animal	rabbit
user16560	like_watching	game of thrones
user16560	dislike	sweet home alabama (song)
user16560	place_origin	alabama
user16561	physical_attribute	tall
user16561	misc_attribute	genius
user16561	physical_attribute	purple hair
user16561	misc_attribute	bizarre
user16562	has_profession	writer
user16562	other	am lesbian
user16562	has_ability	play instrument
user16563	have	single bed
user16563	like_general	rain
user16563	have_vehicle	van
user16563	like_general	winter
user16564	has_profession	waitress
user16564	live_in_citystatecountry	north dakota
user16564	like_activity	drawing
user16564	has_hobby	biking
user16564	have_sibling	5 sibling
user16565	like_activity	cooking
user16565	has_ability	play instrument
user16565	like_activity	travel
user16565	has_ability	play instrument
user16566	school_status	student
user16566	like_sports	soccer
user16566	place_origin	france
user16566	have_sibling	brother
user16566	want_do	soccer
user16567	like_music	taylor swift
user16567	marital_status	married
user16567	have_chidren	toddler
user16568	like_drink	coffee
user16568	other	am a widow
user16568	has_age	77
user16568	favorite_activity	gardening
user16569	misc_attribute	quiet
user16569	like_general	family
user16569	like_sports	basketball
user16569	has_age	middle aged
user16569	like_music	religious
user16570	physical_attribute	attractive
user16570	physical_attribute	red skin
user16570	have	allergies
user16570	like_animal	cat
user16571	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user16571	misc_attribute	clown
user16571	like_general	close friends
user16571	like_general	attention
user16572	like_music	blues
user16572	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user16572	has_hobby	skiing
user16572	like_activity	saving
user16573	like_activity	pottery
user16573	like_activity	refurbishing
user16573	misc_attribute	unstable
user16573	have	appeared on jeopardy
user16574	has_hobby	watching television
user16574	favorite_food	hamburger
user16574	like_activity	fishing
user16574	live_in_general	alone
user16574	has_profession	mechanic
user16575	like_general	littlest things
user16575	dislike	riding the bus
user16575	job_status	employed
user16575	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user16576	like_activity	rock climbing
user16576	misc_attribute	frustrated
user16576	other	mother 2 daughters
user16577	want_do	save money
user16577	dislike	subtitles
user16577	like_watching	anime
user16578	has_hobby	posting on reddit
user16578	like_general	blue
user16578	like_activity	cycling
user16578	has_profession	salesman
user16579	have_pet	dog
user16579	like_sports	cycling
user16579	physical_attribute	beard
user16579	gender	male
user16579	like_activity	football
user16580	marital_status	married
user16580	place_origin	spain
user16580	has_profession	veterinarian
user16580	favorite_music	hip hop
user16580	other	vegetarian
user16581	has_profession	programmer
user16581	have_family	step dad
user16581	place_origin	spain
user16581	like_general	cardigans
user16582	physical_attribute	short
user16582	like_watching	stars
user16582	want	porsche
user16582	misc_attribute	often late
user16583	favorite_color	orange
user16583	have_vehicle	moped
user16583	dislike	make up
user16583	has_profession	rock band
user16584	has_hobby	baking
user16584	gender	female
user16584	have_chidren	3 daughter
user16585	like_food	spicy
user16585	like_sports	swimming
user16585	have_family	only child
user16585	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user16586	have_vehicle	truck
user16586	like_activity	hunting
user16586	like_music	country
user16586	like_watching	sport
user16587	have_pet	cat
user16587	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user16587	has_age	21
user16587	school_status	student
user16587	favorite	rose
user16588	like_sports	surfing
user16588	live_in_general	near the ocean
user16588	like_watching	sunsets
user16588	dislike	red meat
user16589	have_pet	iguana
user16589	like_sports	football
user16589	<blank>	<blank>
user16589	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user16589	favorite_movie	star wars
user16590	has_profession	nurse
user16590	own	1 house
user16590	marital_status	single
user16590	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user16590	has_ability	play instrument
user16591	has_age	7
user16591	like_sports	soccer
user16591	school_status	rejected
user16592	school_status	graduated
user16592	want_do	basketball
user16592	have	knee surgery
user16592	physical_attribute	tall
user16593	other	traveling to japan
user16593	has_hobby	traveling
user16593	have	home
user16593	has_profession	programmer
user16594	have	started a fire
user16594	has_ability	speak language
user16594	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user16594	own	an edged weapon
user16595	like_goto	beach
user16595	like_general	blue
user16595	marital_status	married
user16595	job_status	employed
user16596	marital_status	divorced
user16596	like_read	<blank>
user16596	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user16596	employed_by_general	hospital
user16597	have_chidren	grandchildren
user16597	misc_attribute	wild
user16597	like_music	classical
user16597	has_hobby	quilting
user16597	has_profession	pharmacist
user16598	like_general	place
user16598	other	stuck in the past
user16598	misc_attribute	savage
user16598	has_ability	not technology
user16599	like_read	twilight
user16599	attend_school	elementary
user16599	have	glasses
user16599	have	6 toes
user16600	like_activity	shopping
user16600	like_general	the night
user16600	like_music	perfect playlist
user16600	like_activity	basketball
user16601	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16601	attend_school	university
user16601	like_activity	shopping
user16601	like_general	fashion designers
user16601	like_general	fashion
user16602	misc_attribute	moral
user16603	previous_profession	veteran
user16603	favorite_sport	football
user16603	has_profession	truck driver
user16603	have_vehicle	camper
user16604	like_activity	laughing
user16604	like_activity	baking
user16605	has_hobby	yoga
user16605	job_status	employed
user16605	like_goto	pool
user16605	not_have	child
user16605	like_activity	shopping
user16606	like_music	one direction
user16606	place_origin	colorado
user16606	like_activity	skiing
user16606	like_general	the weather
user16606	like_activity	hiking
user16607	marital_status	married
user16607	physical_attribute	sight
user16607	have_pet	cat
user16608	has_ability	play instrument
user16608	has_hobby	band
user16608	want_job	director
user16608	misc_attribute	sociable
user16609	attend_school	university
user16609	other	no accent
user16609	own	motorcycle
user16610	want_do	texting
user16610	like_sports	hockey
user16610	has_ability	sleep
user16610	favorite_activity	computer time
user16611	has_hobby	knitting
user16611	favorite_book	pride and prejudice
user16611	like_activity	going barefoot
user16612	has_ability	speak language
user16612	have_pet	cat
user16612	have	1 blue eye
user16613	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user16613	other	conservative
user16613	live_in_general	rural
user16613	favorite_activity	robotics
user16614	dislike	questions
user16614	want	food
user16614	dislike	people getting too close
user16614	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user16615	like_food	snack
user16615	like_activity	traveling
user16615	favorite_music	country
user16615	physical_attribute	brunette
user16616	physical_attribute	long hair
user16616	want_do	buy
user16616	like_food	spicy
user16616	previous_profession	movie theater
user16617	dislike	working
user16617	like_activity	survivalism
user16617	like_general	family and fun
user16618	has_ability	sing many songs
user16618	like_music	the lumineers
user16618	like_activity	reading
user16618	misc_attribute	happy
user16619	misc_attribute	generous
user16619	physical_attribute	fat
user16619	like_general	smelling my own farts
user16619	live_in_citystatecountry	san francisco
user16620	has_profession	teacher
user16620	has_hobby	singing
user16620	other	am allergic to apples
user16620	like_activity	crocheting
user16620	has_profession	coach
user16621	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user16621	has_profession	teacher
user16621	like_activity	singing
user16621	like_movie	magic mike
user16621	like_activity	video games
user16622	like_general	brothers
user16622	has_profession	receptionist
user16622	have_pet	2 dog
user16622	like_read	crime
user16622	favorite_place	disney world
user16623	like_general	clothes
user16623	has_profession	cashier
user16623	like_food	non-gmo
user16623	like_music	red hot chilli peppers
user16624	like_animal	dog
user16624	favorite	flower is a lily
user16624	like_read	<blank>
user16624	employed_by_general	doctors office
user16625	have_family	father
user16625	like_food	meat
user16625	like_music	rap
user16625	has_hobby	weed
user16625	employed_by_general	it
user16626	own	9 guitars
user16626	has_ability	play instrument
user16626	other	vegan
user16626	want	play in a local band
user16626	like_music	system of a down
user16627	like_general	explosions
user16627	like_activity	traveling
user16627	like_food	brownies
user16627	like_animal	cat
user16627	employed_by_company	military
user16628	like_goto	beach
user16628	nationality	united states
user16628	like_food	pizza
user16628	like_read	mystery
user16629	attend_school	college
user16629	has_hobby	ride bike
user16629	like_activity	writing
user16629	have	laptop
user16629	own	glasses
user16630	employed_by_general	factory
user16630	physical_attribute	broke nose
user16630	like_music	jazz
user16630	want	bike
user16631	has_profession	writer
user16631	have_family	10 niece
user16631	like_goto	museum
user16631	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16632	like_activity	helping
user16632	gender	female
user16632	live_in_general	rural area
user16632	job_status	retired
user16632	favorite_food	pasta
user16633	has_profession	plumber
user16633	has_ability	impersonations
user16633	has_ability	4 speak language
user16633	have_chidren	son
user16633	other	award winning 4h member
user16634	want_do	move
user16634	previous_profession	farmer
user16634	previous_profession	farmer
user16634	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user16635	marital_status	married
user16635	has_profession	cleaner
user16635	favorite_book	nicholas sparks
user16636	like_animal	dog
user16636	other	vegetarian
user16636	like_activity	shopping
user16637	favorite_place	new york
user16637	like_activity	running
user16637	marital_status	divorced
user16637	has_profession	lawyer
user16638	like_activity	walking
user16638	like_activity	reading
user16638	like_music	dream theater
user16638	like_general	being myself
user16639	has_hobby	water sports
user16639	physical_attribute	tall
user16639	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user16639	like_general	red
user16640	favorite_music_artist	bruno mars
user16640	have_pet	2 dog
user16640	have_vehicle	car
user16640	like_sports	running
user16640	has_profession	accountant
user16641	favorite	halloween
user16641	like_activity	shopping
user16641	like_activity	hunting
user16641	like_general	remodelling homes
user16642	have	fibromyalgia
user16642	place_origin	farm
user16642	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user16642	like_activity	beadworking
user16643	live_in_general	studio apartment
user16643	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user16643	want_job	nurse
user16643	have_family	3 sister
user16643	has_profession	paramedic
user16644	favorite_hobby	dancing
user16644	have_vehicle	lexus
user16644	attend_school	university
user16644	have_pet	dog
user16644	dislike	math
user16645	have_sibling	3 sister
user16645	favorite_place	jamaica
user16645	has_degree	creative writing
user16645	like_activity	reading
user16645	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user16646	like_activity	cooking
user16646	like_food	<blank>
user16646	like_activity	shopping
user16646	like_activity	chatting with friends
user16646	like_general	children
user16647	like_activity	writing
user16647	favorite_color	grey
user16647	marital_status	single
user16647	employed_by_general	newspaper
user16648	like_movie	django unchained
user16648	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user16648	own	honda civic
user16648	like_activity	rock climbing
user16648	employed_by_general	retailer
user16649	like_sports	running
user16649	dislike	social obligations
user16649	like_watching	foreign
user16650	like_music	pretenders
user16650	favorite_food	spicy tex mex
user16650	have_pet	dog
user16650	has_degree	bachelors
user16651	like_animal	animals
user16651	want_job	singer
user16651	like_sports	tennis
user16652	like_animal	lizard
user16652	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user16652	own	hair
user16653	school_status	student
user16653	job_status	seeking employment
user16653	like_music	yo gotti
user16653	like_watching	drama
user16654	want_do	retire
user16654	employed_by_company	ibm
user16654	physical_attribute	tall
user16654	like_music	the rolling stones
user16654	job_status	not a basketball player
user16655	other	vegan
user16655	dislike	fish
user16655	have_pet	23 cat
user16655	has_hobby	traveling
user16656	like_music	avert brother
user16656	has_hobby	traveling
user16656	like_goto	broadway shows
user16656	attend_school	university
user16657	like_general	crystals
user16657	like_activity	gardening
user16657	favorite_food	onion
user16657	misc_attribute	independent
user16657	physical_attribute	curly
user16658	marital_status	single
user16658	like_goto	nature
user16658	has_profession	teacher
user16659	physical_attribute	freckles
user16659	like_read	romance
user16659	has_profession	builder
user16659	employed_by_general	army
user16660	has_degree	masters
user16660	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user16660	own	my home
user16660	marital_status	married
user16661	like_general	family and fun
user16661	other	free spirit
user16661	dislike	working
user16661	like_activity	survivalism
user16662	attend_school	high school
user16662	have_family	only child
user16662	has_hobby	dancing
user16662	attend_school	university
user16663	has_ability	sing
user16663	has_ability	unclear
user16663	other	was accepted to participate
user16663	misc_attribute	shy
user16663	misc_attribute	shy
user16664	favorite_sport	soccer
user16664	nationality	canada
user16664	like_activity	video games
user16665	has_ability	brewing
user16665	other	gay
user16665	like_activity	making coffee
user16665	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user16666	favorite_hobby	chess
user16666	like_drink	mountain dew
user16666	has_hobby	fencing
user16666	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user16667	marital_status	divorced
user16667	has_hobby	teapots
user16667	like_animal	cat
user16667	employed_by_general	bank
user16668	like_activity	snorkeling
user16668	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user16668	like_general	apple products
user16668	like_food	fruit
user16668	like_activity	travel
user16669	has_profession	baker
user16669	have	a few friends
user16669	like_activity	hunting
user16669	like_activity	sewing
user16670	like_watching	sport
user16670	like_sports	basketball
user16670	has_hobby	working out
user16670	have	many cars
user16671	marital_status	engaged
user16671	marital_status	engaged
user16671	marital_status	engaged
user16672	employed_by_general	warehouse
user16672	has_hobby	video games
user16672	marital_status	married
user16672	physical_attribute	buff
user16673	like_activity	shopping
user16673	have	2 tattoos
user16673	employed_by_general	office
user16673	favorite_hobby	knitting
user16674	dislike	working out
user16674	have_pet	3 dog
user16674	have_vehicle	bicycle
user16674	have	blood sugar problems
user16675	have	hobbies
user16675	like_goto	cinema
user16675	own	cape
user16676	have_family	brother-in-law
user16676	have_sibling	6 brother
user16676	has_profession	aquarium builder
user16677	like_activity	fishing
user16677	other	viking
user16677	live_in_general	a cold location
user16678	like_goto	outdoors
user16678	like_activity	shopping
user16678	like_general	recycling
user16678	place_origin	california
user16678	school_status	student
user16679	like_music	marduk
user16679	like_activity	hiking
user16679	dislike	losing things
user16679	like_food	fish
user16680	has_ability	film making
user16680	has_hobby	travel
user16680	has_ability	6 tv news
user16681	have_pet	2 cat
user16681	like_general	exclamation marks
user16681	like_activity	video games
user16681	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user16682	dislike	broccoli
user16682	<blank>	<blank>
user16682	has_profession	police
user16682	have_pet	2 dog
user16683	has_age	older
user16683	favorite_food	pasta
user16683	like_activity	helping
user16683	live_in_general	rural area
user16684	employed_by_general	factory
user16684	misc_attribute	lazy
user16684	misc_attribute	antisocial
user16684	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user16684	like_activity	sleeping
user16685	want_do	schooling
user16685	have_sibling	sister
user16685	like_watching	netflix
user16685	want_do	learning
user16686	has_hobby	hiking
user16686	has_profession	personal trainer
user16686	like_activity	fishing
user16686	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user16686	other	dave
user16687	has_ability	3 speak language
user16687	like_sports	cycling
user16687	favorite_activity	outdoors
user16687	has_ability	cook
user16688	like_music	<blank>
user16688	like_activity	go to lake
user16688	like_activity	walking
user16688	misc_attribute	happy
user16689	<blank>	<blank>
user16689	has_profession	construction worker
user16689	like_activity	riding roller coasters
user16689	have_family	mother
user16690	want	to be able to write in cursive
user16690	want	something interesting
user16690	want	live in iceland
user16690	like_general	cold winters
user16690	like_music	strange music
user16691	like_animal	<blank>
user16691	like_goto	gym
user16691	other	dieting
user16691	have_pet	3 pets
user16691	want_job	veterinarian
user16692	physical_attribute	brunette
user16692	like_food	snack
user16692	like_activity	traveling
user16693	like_activity	playing outside
user16693	have_family	father
user16693	have_family	mother
user16693	have	princess bed
user16694	live_in_general	by a lake
user16694	marital_status	married
user16694	other	mother
user16694	own	upholstery shop
user16695	employed_by_general	cafe
user16695	like_general	books
user16695	have_pet	cat
user16695	like_activity	sewing
user16696	live_in_general	"parents house"
user16696	has_profession	editing
user16696	have_pet	cat
user16696	have_family	1 father
user16696	misc_attribute	anxious
user16697	misc_attribute	depressed
user16697	job_status	unemployed
user16697	have_family	parents
user16697	want	help
user16698	have_pet	2 dog
user16698	other	parents in the military
user16698	dislike	spiders
user16698	has_profession	pilot
user16699	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16699	misc_attribute	night owl
user16699	school_status	graduate student
user16699	like_sports	ultimate frisbee
user16699	favorite_animal	pug
user16700	own	black purse
user16700	like_music	rock
user16700	like_general	wearing black clothing
user16700	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user16701	other	rich
user16701	own	casino
user16701	previous_profession	casino owner
user16701	other	bankrupt
user16701	has_profession	president
user16702	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user16702	member_of	hobby club
user16702	has_ability	driving
user16702	own	suburban
user16703	favorite_sport	soccer
user16703	nationality	canada
user16703	have_pet	2 cat
user16703	like_activity	video games
user16704	like_general	littlest things
user16704	job_status	employed
user16704	dislike	riding the bus
user16704	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user16705	like_goto	nail salon
user16705	has_profession	receptionist
user16705	like_watching	we wrestling
user16706	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user16706	has_profession	comedian
user16706	have	local theater gig
user16706	previous_profession	actor
user16706	place_origin	small town
user16707	has_hobby	community theater
user16707	school_status	student
user16707	like_general	love
user16707	other	parents are doctors
user16707	want_job	actor
user16708	like_drink	beer
user16708	have_pet	horse
user16708	employed_by_general	indie band
user16708	live_in_general	city
user16709	like_read	crime
user16709	like_food	egg
user16709	has_profession	zoologist
user16709	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user16709	favorite_animal	panda
user16710	other	carnivore
user16710	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user16710	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user16710	like_activity	whittling
user16711	like_food	mexican cuisine
user16711	has_profession	teacher
user16711	like_activity	dance
user16711	like_read	history
user16711	place_origin	new hampshire
user16712	like_activity	playing outside
user16712	have	princess bed
user16712	has_age	4
user16712	have_family	father
user16713	have	beard
user16713	other	viking
user16713	like_activity	fishing
user16713	live_in_general	a cold location
user16714	dislike	all
user16714	like_general	morning
user16714	like_activity	roleplay
user16714	like_general	cars
user16715	attend_school	michigan
user16715	school_status	graduated
user16715	want_job	doctor
user16715	like_food	taco
user16715	favorite_season	summer
user16716	physical_attribute	blonde
user16716	have_chidren	12 kids
user16716	physical_attribute	overweight
user16716	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user16716	has_age	53
user16717	have_pet	2 dog
user16717	other	ketogenic
user16717	employed_by_general	circus
user16718	like_sports	golf
user16718	marital_status	married
user16718	like_music	classical
user16718	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16719	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user16719	like_activity	driving
user16719	have	3 tattoos
user16719	other	did not know my dad
user16720	like_activity	football
user16720	like_drink	beer
user16720	like_general	fun
user16721	dislike	cooking
user16721	employed_by_general	grocery store
user16721	like_activity	skin care
user16721	like_general	dress up
user16722	physical_attribute	blonde
user16722	like_general	money
user16722	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user16723	like_music	system of a down
user16723	want	play in a local band
user16723	has_ability	play instrument
user16723	other	vegan
user16724	has_ability	play instrument
user16724	has_hobby	fishing
user16724	has_hobby	working out
user16724	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user16725	place_origin	beach
user16725	has_hobby	traveling
user16725	has_hobby	cooking
user16725	like_animal	dog
user16726	has_hobby	horseback riding
user16726	have_chidren	children
user16726	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user16726	has_hobby	camping
user16727	has_profession	programmer
user16727	have_family	step dad
user16727	place_origin	spain
user16728	want_do	go to beach
user16728	have_family	sibling
user16728	other	disappointment
user16728	like_animal	parrot
user16728	like_activity	climbing
user16729	have_chidren	<blank>
user16729	like_sports	basketball
user16729	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user16729	place_origin	texas
user16730	place_origin	baton rouge
user16730	gender	male
user16730	has_profession	chef
user16731	has_ability	2 speak language
user16731	other	chinese
user16731	like_music	blues
user16731	like_general	prince
user16732	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user16732	gender	female
user16732	own	agency
user16733	like_general	rain
user16733	like_general	winter
user16733	have_vehicle	van
user16734	has_hobby	baseball
user16734	like_watching	south park
user16734	job_status	employed
user16734	marital_status	engaged
user16735	attend_school	high school
user16735	have_family	mother
user16735	has_hobby	travel
user16735	like_sports	hockey
user16736	have_family	grandmother
user16736	like_watching	horror
user16736	<blank>	seeking employment
user16736	has_ability	play instrument
user16736	favorite_color	red orange
user16737	like_watching	anime
user16737	has_hobby	video games
user16737	has_hobby	sketching
user16737	misc_attribute	literal-minded
user16737	have_family	parents
user16738	have	survived
user16738	like_activity	driving
user16738	like_read	<blank>
user16738	physical_attribute	tall
user16739	has_ability	play instrument
user16739	like_food	chocolate
user16739	place_origin	georgia
user16740	has_hobby	basketball
user16740	marital_status	married
user16740	has_ability	feeling lost
user16740	dislike	friend group
user16741	like_general	my family
user16741	like_activity	bingo
user16741	like_music	jazz
user16741	have_pet	3 dog
user16742	has_profession	cartographer
user16742	previous_profession	nurse
user16742	like_activity	painting
user16742	like_activity	baking
user16743	place_origin	kansas
user16743	like_animal	chicken
user16743	has_ability	drive truck
user16743	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16744	misc_attribute	quiet
user16744	attend_school	high school
user16744	other	was diagnosed with autism
user16744	like_music	linkin park
user16745	misc_attribute	healthy
user16745	other	tom
user16745	other	east asian
user16745	like_food	italian cuisine
user16745	favorite_food	pizza
user16746	has_profession	president
user16746	previous_profession	casino owner
user16746	other	bankrupt
user16746	other	rich
user16747	dislike	alcohol
user16747	have	girlfriend
user16747	like_sports	football
user16747	misc_attribute	anxious
user16747	attend_school	alabama university
user16748	like_food	pickled eggs
user16748	like_activity	doing nails
user16748	like_activity	hiking
user16748	like_sports	volley ball
user16749	like_activity	flying kites
user16749	like_watching	sport
user16749	has_hobby	working out
user16749	own	car
user16750	has_ability	digital art
user16750	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user16750	favorite_hobby	reading
user16751	live_in_general	coast
user16751	like_goto	0 library
user16751	employed_by_general	retailer
user16751	like_food	food with no animal product
user16752	has_hobby	collecting
user16752	has_hobby	arguing
user16752	like_food	cakes
user16752	misc_attribute	lust
user16752	physical_attribute	hears voices
user16753	has_hobby	driving
user16753	like_animal	dragon
user16753	misc_attribute	confused
user16753	have_family	grandchild
user16754	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user16754	have_pet	skunk
user16754	has_degree	masters
user16755	school_status	student
user16755	like_watching	stars
user16755	has_hobby	pet
user16755	physical_attribute	short
user16756	like_food	vegetables
user16756	has_age	71
user16756	like_activity	gardening
user16756	favorite_food	carrots
user16757	misc_attribute	competitive
user16757	own	1 bar
user16757	marital_status	married
user16757	like_food	eggplant
user16757	like_activity	smoking
user16758	like_activity	fishing
user16758	like_activity	cooking
user16758	employed_by_general	architect firm
user16758	have_pet	3 dog
user16758	want	someone
user16759	has_profession	farmer
user16759	favorite_season	duck hunting
user16759	have	never flown on an airplane
user16759	have	girlfriend
user16759	like_activity	tailgate parties
user16760	dislike	social situations
user16760	other	mild ocd
user16760	has_profession	freelance accountant
user16760	like_goto	florida
user16761	like_animal	cat
user16761	job_status	employed
user16761	like_general	car
user16761	favorite_color	green
user16761	like_activity	travel
user16762	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user16762	like_activity	hiking
user16762	like_general	red
user16762	misc_attribute	afraid of snakes
user16763	want_job	army
user16763	misc_attribute	unafraid
user16763	employed_by_company	army rangers
user16763	marital_status	married
user16764	has_ability	speak language
user16764	own	an edged weapon
user16764	employed_by_general	the radio as a character voice
user16764	other	was the first test child for sesame street
user16764	have	started a fire
user16765	physical_attribute	short
user16765	physical_attribute	brunette
user16765	physical_attribute	overweight
user16765	like_activity	sewing
user16766	has_hobby	drawing
user16766	want_do	give up
user16766	like_general	comics
user16767	favorite_activity	outdoors
user16767	has_ability	cook
user16767	has_ability	3 speak language
user16767	like_sports	cycling
user16768	like_activity	telling bad jokes
user16768	want	to be something else
user16768	has_ability	speak language
user16769	have_chidren	5 children
user16769	like_animal	fish
user16769	employed_by_company	computer company
user16769	school_status	student
user16770	like_activity	working out
user16770	has_profession	writer
user16770	favorite_music	metal
user16770	marital_status	engaged
user16771	marital_status	married
user16771	like_general	politics
user16771	has_hobby	football
user16771	employed_by_general	candy store
user16771	like_activity	running
user16772	like_music	jazz
user16772	like_general	dolls
user16772	misc_attribute	romantic
user16772	like_general	things
user16772	like_general	antiques
user16773	have_sibling	8 children
user16773	like_food	mcdonalds
user16773	has_profession	retailer
user16773	have	friends
user16774	like_music	the story so far
user16774	like_goto	festivals
user16774	like_food	meat
user16774	employed_by_company	online
user16775	dislike	tofu
user16775	have_vehicle	prius
user16776	favorite_animal	dolphins
user16776	like_activity	making lets plays
user16776	like_watching	youtube
user16777	has_ability	run marathons
user16777	dislike	sweet potatoes
user16777	have_pet	3 dog
user16777	has_profession	athlete
user16777	like_music	all american rejecs
user16778	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user16778	like_activity	doing nails
user16778	like_sports	volley ball
user16778	like_food	pickled eggs
user16779	like_food	cake
user16779	have_pet	2 dog
user16779	has_ability	play instrument
user16779	have_chidren	4 daughter
user16780	want_job	in the federal court
user16780	previous_profession	lawyer
user16780	misc_attribute	fair
user16780	has_profession	judge
user16780	other	albert
user16781	dislike	work
user16781	attend_school	high school
user16781	own	company
user16781	have_chidren	1 child
user16781	has_ability	cheap
user16782	has_profession	scientist
user16782	live_in_general	alone
user16782	has_hobby	cooking
user16782	has_ability	play instrument
user16783	has_profession	mortician
user16783	want_do	pilot
user16783	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user16783	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user16783	like_general	colors
user16784	employed_by_general	in an animal shelter
user16784	have_family	father
user16784	has_ability	speak language
user16784	favorite_food	ravioli
user16785	have	beard
user16785	live_in_general	a cold location
user16785	like_activity	fishing
user16785	other	viking
user16786	want	autographs from authors
user16786	other	used to wear glasses
user16786	favorite_color	green
user16786	job_status	seeking employment
user16787	own	suspenders
user16787	like_activity	video games
user16787	misc_attribute	dirty
user16787	have_pet	cat
user16787	want	a real dragon
user16788	has_age	10
user16788	live_in_general	house
user16788	like_animal	dogs and cats
user16789	marital_status	single
user16789	has_profession	teacher
user16789	favorite_food	salad
user16790	have_pet	2 dog
user16790	like_general	tall men
user16790	has_hobby	cooking
user16790	has_hobby	running
user16790	physical_attribute	red hair
user16791	physical_attribute	tall
user16791	like_read	<blank>
user16791	like_activity	driving
user16791	have	survived
user16792	job_status	unemployed
user16792	not_have	money
user16792	favorite_color	yellow
user16792	has_profession	babysitter
user16792	like_activity	riding the bus
user16793	have_pet	3 iguana
user16793	other	poor
user16793	have_sibling	brother
user16793	like_activity	giving sassy sounding names that help people think nice things
user16794	want_do	own a restaurant
user16794	has_profession	cook
user16794	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user16794	has_hobby	running
user16794	job_status	seeking employment
user16795	want_do	give up
user16795	has_hobby	drawing
user16795	misc_attribute	creative
user16795	like_general	comics
user16796	own	farm
user16796	like_music	country
user16796	like_animal	animals
user16796	like_activity	dancing
user16796	other	vegan
user16797	like_activity	traveling
user16797	physical_attribute	brunette
user16797	like_food	snack
user16798	attend_school	university
user16798	have	friend
user16798	like_sports	hockey
user16798	have_family	sibling
user16799	other	arnold
user16799	has_age	10
user16799	favorite_drink	orange juice
user16799	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user16800	have_pet	3 dog
user16800	like_music	all american rejecs
user16800	has_profession	athlete
user16800	dislike	sweet potatoes
user16800	has_ability	run marathons
user16801	has_hobby	baseball
user16801	job_status	employed
user16801	marital_status	engaged
user16802	favorite_music	rock
user16802	dislike	broccoli
user16802	has_profession	design video games
user16802	dislike	afraid of the dark
user16803	live_in_general	near the ocean
user16803	favorite_book	jane austen
user16803	have_vehicle	boat
user16803	like_general	shoes
user16803	like_food	fish
user16804	like_general	red
user16804	physical_attribute	tall
user16804	like_general	volunteering at nursing homes
user16805	like_animal	fish
user16805	like_activity	board games
user16805	has_profession	athlete
user16805	has_profession	driver
user16806	like_animal	all animals
user16806	like_general	my job
user16806	favorite_music	country
user16806	previous_profession	actress
user16807	own	car
user16807	have_sibling	brother
user16807	misc_attribute	quick
user16807	like_general	food trucks
user16808	like_food	mcdonalds
user16808	has_profession	retailer
user16808	have	friends
user16808	have_sibling	8 children
user16808	want	love
user16809	have	medication
user16809	like_activity	video games
user16809	physical_attribute	wear glasses
user16809	like_activity	swimming
user16810	like_general	color red
user16810	have	3 thumbs
user16810	misc_attribute	skeptical
user16810	misc_attribute	lively
user16811	other	vegan
user16811	like_animal	animals
user16811	like_music	country
user16811	like_activity	dancing
user16812	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user16812	like_general	huge paintings.
user16812	like_activity	collecting rocks
user16812	like_activity	working out
user16812	like_food	beans
user16813	like_activity	singing
user16813	misc_attribute	content
user16813	have_pet	dog
user16814	like_activity	shopping
user16814	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16814	like_general	fashion designers
user16814	want_job	designer
user16815	has_hobby	fashion
user16815	like_goto	craft shows
user16815	has_profession	barista
user16815	live_in_general	apartment
user16815	favorite_book	the bible
user16816	has_ability	baking
user16816	attend_school	law school
user16816	other	birth date
user16817	have	friend
user16817	have	never done drugs
user16817	like_activity	living in texas
user16817	like_music	ke ha
user16817	dislike	pudding
user16818	like_activity	video games
user16818	have_pet	<blank>
user16818	like_activity	social media
user16818	live_in_general	bed
user16818	employed_by_general	home
user16819	have	birth mother
user16819	employed_by_general	a local party store
user16819	have	brown hair
user16819	favorite	christmas
user16819	other	adopted
user16820	dislike	talking to people
user16820	other	imaginative
user16820	like_drink	beverage
user16820	has_hobby	d&d
user16820	favorite_food	nachos
user16821	misc_attribute	aspiring
user16821	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user16821	misc_attribute	polite
user16821	employed_by_general	bank
user16821	like_food	1 restaurant
user16822	like_activity	swimming
user16822	have_chidren	1 son
user16823	has_hobby	youtube
user16823	have	50000 subcribers
user16823	attend_school	beauty classes
user16823	like_watching	make up tutorials
user16824	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user16824	like_food	lobster
user16824	employed_by_company	google
user16824	employed_by_company	google
user16824	has_profession	engineer
user16825	employed_by_general	candy store
user16825	like_general	politics
user16825	like_activity	running
user16825	marital_status	married
user16826	has_hobby	cooking
user16826	has_hobby	running
user16826	have_pet	2 dog
user16826	like_general	tall men
user16827	like_sports	swimming
user16827	have	3 best friends
user16827	favorite_activity	research race cars
user16827	has_age	14
user16828	favorite	superman
user16828	misc_attribute	talk a lot
user16828	have_vehicle	toyota
user16829	has_profession	scientist
user16829	have_chidren	3 children
user16829	want	go to mars
user16829	has_hobby	art
user16829	has_hobby	martial arts
user16830	like_general	cardigans
user16830	have_family	step dad
user16830	have	last name is spanish
user16830	dislike	dad
user16831	like_general	the nighttime
user16831	have_pet	named charlie
user16831	has_profession	artist
user16831	own	2 hoop earrings
user16832	like_read	agatha christie
user16832	have_chidren	5 children
user16832	member_of	church
user16833	marital_status	married
user16833	has_profession	veterinarian
user16833	place_origin	spain
user16833	favorite_music	hip hop
user16833	other	vegetarian
user16834	have	timeshare
user16834	has_profession	<blank>
user16834	favorite_show	friends
user16835	has_hobby	martial arts
user16835	favorite	milena
user16835	has_hobby	walking
user16835	have	something purple
user16835	employed_by_general	fast food
user16836	like_activity	working out
user16836	like_activity	collecting rocks
user16836	like_food	beans
user16836	like_general	huge paintings.
user16836	like_general	dragon ball z figures
user16837	want_job	singer
user16837	favorite_color	green
user16837	like_sports	tennis
user16838	has_ability	read
user16838	like_activity	reading
user16838	school_status	dropped out
user16838	has_ability	read foreign language
user16839	employed_by_general	factory
user16839	physical_attribute	broke nose
user16839	favorite_place	seattle
user16839	want	bike
user16839	like_music	jazz
user16840	previous_profession	farmer
user16840	like_watching	reality tv
user16840	want_do	move
user16840	job_status	unemployed
user16840	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user16841	favorite_food	mexican food
user16841	like_music	the rolling stones
user16841	has_profession	nurse
user16841	other	mother
user16842	like_music	death metal
user16842	live_in_general	a home
user16842	like_activity	watching television
user16842	attend_school	university
user16843	like_goto	festivals
user16843	like_music	the story so far
user16843	have	alias
user16843	employed_by_company	online
user16843	like_food	meat
user16844	employed_by_general	hospital
user16844	other	allergic to bees
user16844	have_family	sibling
user16844	physical_attribute	pink hair
user16844	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user16845	favorite_book	harry potter books
user16845	like_activity	reading
user16845	other	vegetarian
user16845	like_activity	reading
user16846	like_activity	video games
user16846	like_food	fish
user16846	like_activity	racing rc cars
user16846	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user16847	like_general	the color blue
user16847	have_vehicle	car
user16847	like_music	elvis
user16847	own	blue shoes
user16848	like_activity	fishing
user16848	have	boots
user16848	dislike	losing
user16848	favorite_season	spring
user16849	like_activity	competition
user16849	misc_attribute	distrustful
user16849	dislike	trying new things
user16849	want	be alone
user16849	like_general	the library
user16850	like_activity	reading
user16850	has_hobby	writing
user16850	has_hobby	found blogs
user16850	other	started collaborating with some popular publishers
user16850	have	thoughts
user16851	own	consulting firm
user16851	job_status	employed
user16851	has_ability	lucky
user16851	has_profession	owner
user16851	job_status	employed
user16852	employed_by_general	retailer
user16852	own	honda civic
user16852	like_activity	rock climbing
user16853	like_activity	reading
user16853	like_watching	tv
user16853	like_activity	reading
user16853	other	vegetarian
user16853	favorite_book	harry potter books
user16854	like_watching	comedy
user16854	has_profession	ballerina
user16854	job_status	employed
user16854	favorite_food	hamburgers
user16855	like_activity	baking
user16855	member_of	retirement home
user16855	has_age	old
user16856	like_goto	craft shows
user16856	has_hobby	fashion
user16856	live_in_general	apartment
user16856	favorite_book	the bible
user16856	has_profession	barista
user16857	has_profession	car sales
user16857	like_sports	basketball
user16857	favorite_drink	beer coors
user16858	attend_school	university
user16858	misc_attribute	social
user16858	has_hobby	exercise
user16858	like_sports	football
user16859	attend_school	high school
user16859	have_family	mother
user16859	like_sports	hockey
user16859	has_hobby	travel
user16860	attend_school	high school
user16860	like_activity	skateboarding
user16860	gender	female
user16860	physical_attribute	blonde
user16861	have	3 roomates
user16861	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user16861	other	parents are teachers
user16861	have	eyebrow piercing
user16862	has_hobby	singing
user16862	like_activity	napping
user16862	like_watching	sport
user16863	own	greenhouse
user16863	<blank>	<blank>
user16863	has_ability	composting
user16863	has_hobby	soap making
user16864	have_vehicle	truck
user16864	like_watching	sport
user16864	like_activity	hunting
user16864	like_music	country
user16864	like_food	meat
user16865	has_ability	karate
user16865	has_hobby	vacation
user16865	like_food	shrimp
user16865	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user16865	has_ability	play instrument
user16866	like_general	remodelling homes
user16866	like_sports	archery
user16866	like_activity	shopping
user16866	favorite	halloween
user16867	have_chidren	2 son
user16867	like_activity	horseback riding
user16867	has_hobby	camping
user16867	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user16868	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user16868	has_hobby	skiing
user16868	employed_by_general	bar
user16868	like_music	blues
user16868	like_activity	saving
user16869	favorite_activity	fishing
user16869	has_ability	running
user16869	favorite_activity	float the river
user16870	marital_status	married
user16870	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16870	has_profession	writer
user16870	like_goto	museum
user16870	have_family	10 niece
user16871	has_profession	salesman
user16871	have	condo
user16871	like_general	blue
user16871	like_general	reduit
user16871	like_activity	cycling
user16872	like_general	horses
user16872	has_profession	yoga instruction
user16872	have	seashells
user16872	have_pet	2 dog
user16873	attend_school	to get bachelor degree
user16873	other	veteran
user16873	like_food	meat
user16873	have	girlfriend
user16874	like_general	summer
user16874	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user16874	have_chidren	2 children
user16874	like_food	mexican cuisine
user16875	other	used to wear glasses
user16875	want	autographs from authors
user16875	want_job	publishing
user16876	like_music	classical
user16876	like_sports	golf
user16876	marital_status	married
user16876	like_general	my work
user16876	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16877	have	photo
user16877	have_sibling	sister
user16877	own	5 pairs of same pants
user16877	like_music	justin bieber
user16877	dislike	waiting in line
user16878	have	allergies
user16878	like_animal	cat
user16878	physical_attribute	attractive
user16878	dislike	dust
user16879	like_goto	park
user16879	like_sports	running
user16879	job_status	employed
user16879	favorite_color	green
user16880	other	deaf man
user16880	favorite	number is 7
user16880	like_general	scratching
user16880	dislike	driving
user16880	like_activity	reading
user16881	have_pet	cat
user16881	like_music	funk rock
user16881	like_food	taco
user16881	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user16882	marital_status	3 married
user16882	own	guns
user16882	have_vehicle	ford
user16882	dislike	holidays
user16882	has_profession	police
user16883	like_sports	hockey
user16883	want_do	texting
user16883	has_ability	sleep
user16883	favorite_activity	computer time
user16884	attend_school	graduate school
user16884	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user16884	like_read	crime
user16884	favorite_drink	caramel cappuccino
user16885	has_profession	lawyer
user16885	favorite_food	steak
user16885	marital_status	divorced
user16885	like_activity	running
user16885	favorite_place	new york
user16886	physical_attribute	6 tattooed
user16886	physical_attribute	thin
user16886	place_origin	baltimore
user16887	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user16887	misc_attribute	lazy
user16887	employed_by_general	factory
user16887	misc_attribute	antisocial
user16888	like_food	burrito
user16888	like_movie	shows
user16888	have_family	mother
user16888	like_activity	hiking
user16889	favorite_book	the bible
user16889	has_hobby	traveling
user16889	gender	male
user16889	marital_status	married
user16889	misc_attribute	1 religious
user16890	has_profession	actor
user16890	want_job	writer
user16890	like_activity	painting
user16890	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user16890	has_ability	singing
user16891	has_profession	car salesman
user16891	like_food	meat
user16891	like_activity	painting
user16892	like_music	classical
user16892	physical_attribute	6 tall
user16892	like_goto	paris
user16892	like_goto	opera
user16892	favorite	auto
user16893	like_food	gluten free
user16893	physical_attribute	hair is black
user16893	like_activity	rock climbing
user16893	has_profession	writer
user16893	have_pet	1 dog
user16894	other	carnivore
user16894	like_sports	running
user16894	have	welfare
user16894	favorite_music_artist	creed
user16895	have	shot lion
user16895	want_do	climbing
user16895	misc_attribute	sad
user16895	has_hobby	artist
user16896	physical_attribute	dumpy
user16896	have	long fingers
user16896	physical_attribute	long legs
user16896	like_general	skeleton
user16897	has_hobby	sewing
user16897	like_activity	baking
user16897	employed_by_company	grocery store
user16897	have	garden
user16897	like_activity	swimming
user16898	like_activity	riding the bus
user16898	favorite_color	yellow
user16898	not_have	money
user16898	has_profession	babysitter
user16899	have_sibling	4 sibling
user16899	physical_attribute	short
user16900	job_status	employed
user16900	has_age	22
user16900	school_status	graduated
user16900	like_general	children
user16900	job_status	employed
user16901	has_hobby	gambling
user16901	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user16901	like_food	shrimp
user16901	like_activity	hanging out with friends
user16902	like_activity	tennis
user16902	like_activity	travel
user16902	like_music	chainsmokers
user16903	has_profession	aquarium builder
user16903	have_sibling	6 brother
user16903	have_family	brother-in-law
user16904	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user16904	like_general	lumberjacking
user16904	like_food	pancakes
user16904	has_hobby	fishing
user16904	own	large ax
user16905	like_activity	saving
user16905	employed_by_general	bar
user16905	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user16905	like_music	blues
user16905	has_hobby	skiing
user16906	has_hobby	traveling
user16906	favorite_food	ice cream
user16906	attend_school	university
user16907	like_sports	softball
user16907	like_read	history
user16907	has_profession	technician
user16908	have_sibling	3 sibling
user16908	like_food	1 sugar
user16908	marital_status	engaged
user16908	other	profession
user16909	has_profession	pilot
user16909	favorite_food	fried chicken
user16909	marital_status	married
user16909	have_sibling	twin sister
user16910	have_sibling	6 sister
user16910	like_sports	boston celtics
user16910	like_activity	walking
user16910	employed_by_general	a small
user16910	like_food	chocolate
user16911	favorite_music_artist	hop along
user16911	has_profession	musician
user16911	job_status	employed
user16912	have_pet	dog
user16912	like_general	suits and ties
user16912	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16912	like_music	smooth jazz
user16912	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16913	gender	male
user16913	misc_attribute	1 religious
user16913	marital_status	married
user16913	favorite_book	the bible
user16914	like_drink	iced tea
user16914	want_job	author
user16914	has_hobby	writing
user16914	like_goto	museum
user16914	employed_by_general	bookstore
user16915	has_hobby	painting
user16915	have	won lottery
user16915	has_hobby	painting
user16916	school_status	graduated
user16916	have_chidren	1 daughter
user16917	has_hobby	play game at the arcade.
user16917	like_music	linkin park
user16917	other	was diagnosed with autism
user16917	attend_school	high school
user16918	like_food	cheese
user16918	like_watching	ufc fights
user16918	like_activity	travel
user16918	employed_by_general	factory
user16919	want_do	play
user16919	have	knee surgery
user16919	want_do	basketball
user16919	school_status	graduated
user16919	physical_attribute	tall
user16920	dislike	dad
user16920	have	last name is spanish
user16920	like_general	cardigans
user16920	misc_attribute	unsure
user16921	like_sports	hockey
user16921	other	flew out of country
user16921	have_family	1 sibling
user16921	attend_school	university
user16922	like_music	rock
user16922	has_ability	not swim
user16922	favorite_food	steak
user16922	own	chevy tahoe
user16923	has_age	18
user16923	like_activity	with friends
user16923	other	carnivore
user16923	place_origin	farm
user16924	favorite_color	purple
user16924	like_animal	dog
user16924	like_sports	swimming
user16924	own	home
user16925	other	vegetarian
user16925	employed_by_company	peta
user16925	like_activity	sewing
user16925	like_animal	animals
user16925	job_status	employed
user16926	like_activity	fishing
user16926	has_profession	personal trainer
user16926	has_hobby	hiking
user16926	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user16926	other	dave
user16927	like_general	sports cars
user16927	like_sports	swimming
user16927	has_age	14
user16927	favorite_activity	research race cars
user16928	have	girlfriend
user16928	like_food	meat
user16928	attend_school	graduate school
user16928	other	veteran
user16929	dislike	caffeine
user16929	like_music	the rolling stones
user16929	have	1 job
user16930	like_music	rap
user16930	like_music	drake
user16930	like_activity	cooking
user16930	has_ability	play instrument
user16931	dislike	make up
user16931	favorite_color	orange
user16931	have_vehicle	moped
user16931	physical_attribute	long nails
user16932	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user16932	has_age	adult
user16932	member_of	hobby club
user16932	have	10 tattoos
user16933	own	car
user16933	like_general	food trucks
user16933	misc_attribute	quick
user16933	have_sibling	brother
user16934	other	vegetarian
user16934	like_general	internet
user16934	job_status	employed
user16934	like_activity	baking
user16935	have	2 hair
user16935	misc_attribute	lazy
user16935	has_hobby	skateboarding
user16935	physical_attribute	<blank>
user16935	misc_attribute	weird
user16936	misc_attribute	dull
user16936	have_pet	1 dog
user16936	misc_attribute	lazy
user16936	dislike	over eating
user16937	employed_by_company	computer company
user16937	like_animal	fish
user16937	have_chidren	5 children
user16937	school_status	student
user16938	<blank>	<blank>
user16938	like_activity	fishing
user16938	have_vehicle	boat
user16938	have	5 grandchildren
user16938	gender	70 male
user16939	employed_by_company	scrubway
user16939	misc_attribute	optimistic
user16939	like_music	country
user16939	want_do	video games
user16939	attend_school	university
user16940	other	see therapist
user16940	misc_attribute	aloof
user16941	has_hobby	travel
user16941	misc_attribute	unstable
user16941	dislike	green beans
user16941	misc_attribute	religious
user16942	other	premature
user16942	have_sibling	1 sister
user16942	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user16942	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user16943	like_general	blue
user16943	has_hobby	cooking
user16943	physical_attribute	blonde
user16943	like_activity	running
user16944	has_hobby	watching movies
user16944	have_chidren	children
user16944	like_activity	cleaning
user16944	misc_attribute	tired
user16945	like_goto	walmart
user16945	favorite_season	winter
user16945	misc_attribute	excited
user16945	like_animal	cat
user16946	favorite_music_artist	worn
user16946	like_animal	dog
user16946	favorite_color	purple
user16946	like_sports	swimming
user16946	own	home
user16947	like_goto	starbucks
user16947	like_goto	antique stores
user16947	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user16947	favorite_food	subway
user16948	place_origin	france
user16948	favorite_food	taco
user16948	like_activity	drawing
user16948	other	vegan
user16949	other	allergic to cats
user16949	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user16949	have_chidren	son
user16949	like_activity	manicures
user16950	gender	70 male
user16950	have_vehicle	boat
user16950	like_activity	fishing
user16950	have	5 grandchildren
user16950	<blank>	<blank>
user16951	like_goto	outside
user16951	misc_attribute	shallow
user16951	want	pet
user16951	own	money
user16952	like_activity	sleeping in
user16952	misc_attribute	romantic
user16952	other	vegan
user16952	have_sibling	2 brother
user16952	employed_by_general	laboratory
user16953	like_activity	singing
user16953	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user16953	like_movie	magic mike
user16953	like_activity	video games
user16953	has_profession	teacher
user16954	like_sports	swimming
user16954	employed_by_company	navy
user16954	physical_attribute	tall
user16954	like_read	<blank>
user16954	favorite_show	the voice
user16955	misc_attribute	popular
user16955	school_status	will graduate from college in two years
user16955	school_status	student
user16956	have_family	parents
user16956	attend_school	in a year
user16956	has_age	18
user16956	want	any car
user16957	like_food	beef
user16957	has_hobby	horseback riding
user16957	have	many girlfriends
user16957	like_general	boots
user16958	like_general	summer
user16958	employed_by_general	animal clinic
user16958	like_food	mexican cuisine
user16958	have_chidren	2 children
user16959	other	wrote a book
user16959	misc_attribute	religious
user16959	like_activity	reading
user16959	have_pet	2 dog
user16960	favorite_season	spring
user16960	dislike	losing
user16960	have	boots
user16961	misc_attribute	athletic
user16961	physical_attribute	strong
user16961	school_status	student
user16962	like_activity	drawing and painting
user16962	job_status	employed
user16962	have_vehicle	car
user16962	own	house
user16962	like_general	blue
user16963	previous_profession	pilot
user16963	place_origin	nevada
user16963	like_animal	dog
user16963	live_in_citystatecountry	new mexico
user16963	other	orphan
user16964	misc_attribute	social
user16964	like_food	large meals
user16964	has_hobby	exercise
user16964	attend_school	university
user16964	like_sports	swimming
user16965	want_job	musician
user16965	marital_status	married
user16965	job_status	employed
user16965	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user16965	has_profession	factory worker
user16966	like_activity	hiking
user16966	like_general	blue
user16966	like_general	eating out
user16966	job_status	employed
user16966	like_general	nature
user16967	like_watching	surgery
user16967	like_activity	traveling
user16967	like_music	britney spears
user16967	has_hobby	playing with edged weapons
user16967	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user16968	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user16968	like_activity	sleeping
user16968	misc_attribute	antisocial
user16968	employed_by_general	factory
user16969	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user16969	own	clothing
user16969	want	eats too much fries
user16970	own	0 television
user16970	like_read	<blank>
user16970	has_profession	teacher
user16971	like_activity	skateboarding
user16971	attend_school	high school
user16971	gender	female
user16971	physical_attribute	blonde
user16972	like_activity	it
user16972	own	cape
user16972	like_goto	cinema
user16973	like_goto	beach
user16973	school_status	student
user16973	like_activity	partying
user16973	employed_by_general	restaurant
user16974	like_food	apple
user16974	dislike	meat
user16974	like_food	apple
user16974	favorite_food	apple
user16974	like_food	fruit
user16975	physical_attribute	tall
user16975	job_status	not a basketball player
user16975	like_music	the rolling stones
user16975	employed_by_company	ibm
user16976	like_goto	outside
user16976	own	money
user16976	misc_attribute	shallow
user16976	want	pet
user16977	job_status	employed
user16977	marital_status	divorced
user16977	has_profession	bowler
user16977	have_chidren	2 children
user16978	have_pet	2 dog
user16978	has_ability	play instrument
user16978	has_profession	michigan state trooper
user16978	like_food	cake
user16979	has_hobby	running
user16979	has_profession	veterinarian
user16979	have_family	2 nephew
user16980	like_drink	coffee
user16980	favorite_food	medium rare steaks
user16980	have_pet	dog
user16980	physical_attribute	short
user16981	physical_attribute	short
user16981	dislike	tomato
user16981	have_chidren	2 children
user16981	gender	female
user16982	like_activity	hanging out
user16982	like_sports	fan
user16982	have_vehicle	car
user16982	like_activity	politics
user16982	want_job	entrepreneur
user16983	like_music	smooth jazz
user16983	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user16983	have_pet	dog
user16983	employed_by_general	<blank>
user16984	live_in_general	city
user16984	have_pet	horse
user16984	like_drink	beer
user16985	like_activity	reading
user16985	like_music	the mutineers
user16985	misc_attribute	happy
user16985	has_ability	sing many songs
user16986	like_activity	baking
user16986	favorite	rose
user16986	place_origin	texas
user16986	like_activity	horseback riding
user16987	has_profession	car salesman
user16987	like_activity	painting
user16987	like_food	meat
user16988	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user16988	want_do	own a restaurant
user16988	job_status	seeking employment
user16988	has_hobby	running
user16988	has_profession	cook
user16989	dislike	driving
user16989	like_activity	reading
user16989	like_general	scratching
user16989	other	deaf man
user16989	favorite	number is 7
user16990	physical_attribute	attractive
user16990	physical_attribute	red skin
user16990	have	allergies
user16990	dislike	dust
user16990	like_animal	cat
user16991	school_status	student
user16991	want_job	actor
user16991	has_hobby	community theater
user16991	like_general	love
user16991	other	parents are doctors
user16992	like_activity	cooking
user16992	<blank>	<blank>
user16992	misc_attribute	happy
user16992	like_animal	dog
user16993	attend_school	homeschool
user16993	like_animal	<blank>
user16993	dislike	people
user16993	has_ability	scream
user16993	misc_attribute	artistic
user16994	like_watching	greys anatomy
user16994	attend_school	high school
user16994	misc_attribute	organized
user16994	like_activity	music
user16994	like_general	mother
user16995	have_family	grandfather
user16995	have_pet	cat
user16995	like_sports	basketball
user16996	have	survived
user16996	like_activity	driving
user16996	like_read	<blank>
user16997	has_profession	actor
user16997	want_job	writer
user16997	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user16997	like_activity	painting
user16998	favorite_food	pepperoni pizza
user16998	like_drink	iced tea
user16998	teach	first grade
user16998	has_hobby	shopping
user16998	marital_status	married
user16999	like_animal	animals
user16999	have_chidren	1 son
user16999	has_hobby	walking
user16999	like_activity	spend time signing a lot of petitions and donate to animal rights groups
user17000	job_status	volunteer
user17000	like_food	italian cuisine
user17000	like_music	concerts
user17000	has_profession	librarian
user17001	have_vehicle	ford
user17001	dislike	country
user17001	favorite	outfit boots and skirt
user17001	physical_attribute	tall
user17002	has_profession	teacher
user17002	has_hobby	watching television
user17002	has_hobby	reading
user17002	has_profession	teacher
user17002	other	sarah
user17003	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user17003	has_ability	driving
user17003	like_drink	apple martinis
user17003	own	suburban
user17004	physical_attribute	brunette
user17004	like_activity	sleeping in
user17004	favorite_season	fall
user17004	marital_status	not married
user17005	other	am blind
user17005	has_hobby	driving
user17005	has_profession	disc jockey
user17005	have	friends
user17006	has_hobby	volunteer
user17006	want_job	baker
user17006	like_activity	cooking
user17006	has_profession	9 to 5
user17007	like_food	shrimp
user17007	has_hobby	vacation
user17007	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user17007	has_ability	play instrument
user17008	like_read	comics
user17008	like_watching	anime
user17008	has_hobby	reading
user17008	like_activity	role play
user17009	like_general	building apps
user17009	like_activity	praying
user17009	like_general	people
user17010	like_read	comics
user17010	like_food	organic
user17010	physical_attribute	allergic to dust
user17010	has_hobby	collect autographs
user17011	misc_attribute	excited
user17011	like_goto	walmart
user17011	misc_attribute	terrified of heights
user17011	favorite_season	winter
user17011	like_animal	cat
user17012	marital_status	single
user17012	favorite	subject was science
user17012	favorite_food	pizza
user17012	favorite_hobby	reading
user17013	misc_attribute	distrustful
user17013	want	responsible
user17013	school_status	student
user17013	physical_attribute	athletic
user17014	physical_attribute	red hair
user17014	marital_status	engaged
user17014	job_status	unemployed
user17014	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user17015	like_general	her
user17015	want_do	procedures
user17015	want	happy
user17016	like_activity	skiing
user17016	like_music	one direction
user17016	like_activity	hiking
user17016	like_general	the weather
user17017	has_ability	cook
user17017	other	soccer mom
user17017	like_general	family time
user17017	teach	cheerleading
user17017	employed_by_general	online company
user17018	favorite_animal	fish
user17018	live_in_citystatecountry	cape hatteras
user17018	have_vehicle	boat
user17018	has_hobby	fishing
user17018	like_food	tuna
user17019	like_watching	comedy
user17019	job_status	employed
user17019	has_profession	ballerina
user17020	favorite_music_artist	ed sheeran
user17020	misc_attribute	healthy
user17020	like_movie	romantic comedy
user17020	like_activity	writing
user17021	like_general	superfans
user17021	like_drink	pepsi
user17021	have_vehicle	toyota
user17022	like_general	place
user17022	other	wild child
user17022	favorite_color	red
user17022	have_pet	2 dog
user17022	want_do	travel
user17023	like_activity	skateboarding
user17023	own	30 shoes
user17023	have_pet	4 cat
user17023	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user17024	like_activity	fashion
user17024	have_family	father
user17024	want	to visit rome
user17024	have	"drivers license"
user17024	like_music	kurt cobain
user17025	want	vacation
user17025	job_status	employed
user17025	misc_attribute	perfectionist
user17025	have	too be perfect
user17025	misc_attribute	slow
user17026	like_goto	nature
user17026	school_status	student
user17026	like_music	electronic
user17026	have	debt
user17027	have_pet	horse
user17027	live_in_general	country
user17027	physical_attribute	pregnant
user17028	like_music	backstreet boys
user17028	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user17028	dislike	driving
user17028	like_food	cheese
user17029	has_hobby	collecting scotch
user17029	has_hobby	skiing
user17029	like_activity	saving
user17029	like_music	blues
user17029	employed_by_general	bar
user17030	employed_by_general	hotel
user17030	like_activity	surfing
user17030	like_general	snow
user17030	want_do	go to college
user17031	like_general	sunshine
user17031	has_hobby	driving
user17031	have_family	grandchild
user17031	like_animal	dragon
user17032	has_profession	lawyer
user17032	has_ability	pilot
user17032	live_in_general	mountains
user17032	has_hobby	photography
user17033	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user17033	has_ability	sleeping
user17033	like_sports	sports
user17033	favorite	raptors
user17034	has_hobby	gymnastics
user17034	have	boyfriend
user17034	favorite_drink	coffee
user17034	dislike	chalk
user17034	have_pet	cat
user17035	want_job	employment
user17035	has_ability	3 speak language
user17035	favorite_music_artist	rush
user17035	other	colour blind
user17036	favorite	pass time is gazing at clouds
user17036	favorite	holiday is halloween
user17036	own	bike
user17036	have_pet	dog
user17036	like_drink	milk shakes
user17037	like_general	ghost
user17037	like_music	80 s music
user17037	has_profession	wedding planner
user17037	want_job	architect
user17038	like_activity	reading
user17038	other	vegetarian
user17038	favorite_book	harry potter books
user17038	like_activity	reading
user17038	like_watching	tv
user17039	like_activity	rpg computer games
user17039	live_in_general	a home
user17039	own	inhaler
user17039	has_hobby	tabletop games
user17039	have	crush
user17040	like_food	cookies
user17040	like_food	pasta
user17040	like_food	ice cream
user17040	like_activity	painting
user17040	school_status	student
user17041	school_status	graduated
user17041	school_status	will study computer science
user17041	like_activity	video games
user17041	other	vegetarian
user17042	favorite_book	the bible
user17042	like_goto	craft shows
user17042	has_hobby	fashion
user17042	has_profession	barista
user17042	live_in_general	apartment
user17043	have_family	parents
user17043	own	iphone
user17043	like_general	headsets
user17043	like_general	red
user17044	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user17044	favorite_activity	reading
user17044	like_food	spaghetti
user17044	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user17044	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user17045	have_vehicle	van
user17045	physical_attribute	red hair
user17045	have	2 tattoos
user17045	other	hippie
user17046	previous_profession	farmer
user17046	like_watching	reality tv
user17046	job_status	unemployed
user17046	live_in_citystatecountry	kansas
user17047	has_hobby	archery
user17047	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user17047	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user17047	favorite_music_artist	jess greenberg
user17047	has_profession	cleaning gutters
user17048	other	vegan
user17048	like_animal	animals
user17048	own	farm
user17048	like_activity	dancing
user17048	like_music	country
user17049	other	had cancer
user17049	want	to become male model
user17049	other	dieting
user17049	have	a private lunch with will ferrell
user17049	like_music	classical
user17050	have_pet	cat
user17050	like_goto	antique stores
user17050	favorite_food	subway
user17050	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user17050	like_goto	starbucks
user17051	has_hobby	skiing
user17051	has_ability	ski racer
user17051	has_hobby	skiing
user17051	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user17052	job_status	unemployed
user17052	like_activity	getting nails done
user17052	other	lost jewelry
user17052	have_pet	dog
user17053	have	something purple
user17053	has_hobby	walking
user17053	has_hobby	martial arts
user17053	favorite	milena
user17053	employed_by_general	fast food
user17054	have_pet	parrot
user17054	place_origin	baton rouge
user17054	has_profession	chef
user17055	has_hobby	tap dancing
user17055	has_hobby	baking
user17055	physical_attribute	short
user17055	have_sibling	twin brother
user17056	physical_attribute	buff
user17056	like_watching	comedy
user17056	has_profession	attorney
user17056	have	beard
user17056	like_activity	fashion
user17057	other	believe in ghosts
user17057	have_vehicle	convertible
user17057	have_pet	4 dog
user17057	other	"dont celebrate holidays"
user17058	have_pet	2 cat
user17058	like_food	food with no animal product
user17058	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user17058	like_food	strawberry
user17059	like_general	things
user17059	like_music	jazz
user17059	misc_attribute	romantic
user17059	like_general	dolls
user17059	like_general	antiques
user17060	have	support of my whole family
user17060	want	retire
user17060	like_activity	ballet
user17061	have_pet	3 dog
user17061	live_in_citystatecountry	dallas
user17061	has_profession	physical therapist
user17061	have_chidren	2 children
user17061	have_chidren	2 children
user17062	has_ability	ski racer
user17062	physical_attribute	reddish brown hair
user17062	has_hobby	skiing
user17063	like_activity	cooking
user17063	misc_attribute	happy
user17063	<blank>	<blank>
user17064	has_hobby	environmentalist
user17064	like_activity	traveling
user17064	like_activity	mountain biking
user17064	live_in_citystatecountry	vermont
user17064	like_activity	hiking
user17065	have_vehicle	car
user17065	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user17065	favorite	california love
user17065	like_music	rap
user17066	like_activity	singing
user17066	has_hobby	singing
user17066	has_ability	unclear
user17066	other	was accepted to participate
user17066	misc_attribute	shy
user17067	like_animal	cat
user17067	has_hobby	reading
user17067	live_in_general	basement
user17067	employed_by_general	flower shop
user17068	like_food	beets
user17068	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user17068	has_profession	salesman
user17068	live_in_general	farm
user17069	like_music	taylor swift
user17069	marital_status	married
user17069	employed_by_general	distributor
user17070	has_degree	graduate
user17070	want_do	propose
user17070	has_profession	coach
user17071	has_age	14
user17071	like_sports	swimming
user17071	like_general	sports cars
user17071	favorite_activity	research race cars
user17071	have	3 best friends
user17072	own	honda civic
user17072	like_activity	rock climbing
user17072	like_activity	long walks on the beach
user17072	like_movie	django unchained
user17073	has_degree	business
user17073	attend_school	university
user17073	like_general	spend time with family
user17073	like_sports	playing
user17074	like_drink	water
user17074	like_sports	<blank>
user17074	have	been in two car crashes
user17074	like_activity	watching television
user17075	favorite_food	chicken
user17075	like_goto	gym
user17075	like_read	autobiographies
user17075	like_music	metallica
user17075	have_pet	cat
user17076	other	soccer mom
user17076	employed_by_general	online company
user17076	has_ability	cook
user17076	teach	cheerleading
user17077	like_activity	hunting
user17077	place_origin	deep south
user17077	dislike	seafood
user17078	dislike	vegetables
user17078	physical_attribute	buff
user17078	has_age	9
user17078	physical_attribute	tall
user17078	like_activity	running
user17079	have_pet	horse
user17079	physical_attribute	pregnant
user17079	live_in_general	country
user17080	like_general	my family
user17080	like_music	jazz
user17080	have_pet	3 dog
user17080	like_activity	bingo
user17081	other	dieting
user17081	want_job	veterinarian
user17081	like_animal	<blank>
user17081	have_pet	3 pets
user17082	misc_attribute	passionate
user17082	physical_attribute	have back pain
user17082	misc_attribute	unstable
user17082	misc_attribute	old soul
user17082	want	voice
user17083	has_profession	electrician
user17083	like_food	hamburgers
user17083	like_sports	running
user17083	has_ability	sleep
user17084	has_ability	play instrument
user17084	has_hobby	working out
user17084	favorite_food	cheeseburger
user17084	has_hobby	fishing
user17085	marital_status	married
user17085	like_drink	32 beer
user17085	employed_by_general	brewery
user17085	like_goto	casino
user17086	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user17086	has_hobby	swimming
user17086	favorite_color	purple
user17086	has_degree	masters
user17086	gender	female
user17087	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user17087	has_hobby	surfing
user17087	favorite_music_artist	jason mraz
user17087	like_food	insect
user17087	like_read	twilight
user17088	misc_attribute	practical
user17088	dislike	bread
user17089	other	am blind
user17089	has_hobby	driving
user17089	have	friends
user17089	has_profession	disc jockey
user17089	physical_attribute	handicapped
user17090	<blank>	<blank>
user17090	has_profession	teacher
user17090	live_in_general	suburbs
user17090	have_chidren	3 children
user17091	marital_status	single
user17091	have_pet	dog
user17091	favorite_place	mall
user17091	physical_attribute	deaf
user17092	other	carnivore
user17092	has_ability	play instrument
user17092	has_profession	welder
user17092	other	gay
user17092	like_activity	video games
user17093	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user17093	like_goto	movie theater
user17093	physical_attribute	7"
user17093	have_pet	dog
user17094	like_general	psychoanalyzing
user17094	have_chidren	2 son
user17094	has_profession	sells cosmetics
user17094	like_music	metal
user17095	physical_attribute	short
user17096	like_activity	travel
user17096	like_animal	cat
user17096	like_general	car
user17096	job_status	employed
user17097	has_ability	draw
user17097	favorite_drink	sprite
user17097	misc_attribute	funny
user17097	physical_attribute	full
user17098	like_read	<blank>
user17098	like_read	<blank>
user17098	has_hobby	gardening
user17098	other	veteran
user17098	place_origin	kentucky
user17099	has_profession	paramedic
user17099	like_activity	fishing
user17099	have_family	mother
user17099	marital_status	single
user17099	like_music	rap
user17100	like_activity	dressing up
user17100	want_do	procedures
user17100	want	happy
user17100	like_general	her
user17101	have_vehicle	ford
user17101	like_drink	coke
user17101	employed_by_general	retailer
user17101	like_general	katy perry
user17101	has_hobby	shopping
user17102	like_general	my image
user17102	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user17102	want	to go to another school
user17102	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user17102	want	mom was healthier
user17103	has_profession	pediatrician
user17103	marital_status	married
user17103	have_family	<blank>
user17103	like_activity	bowling
user17103	misc_attribute	family man
user17104	employed_by_general	navy
user17104	other	orphan
user17104	has_hobby	whittling
user17104	has_degree	communications
user17104	like_music	folk
user17105	other	has not left country
user17105	have_sibling	3 sibling
user17105	has_hobby	hiking
user17105	job_status	employed
user17106	like_food	carrots
user17106	physical_attribute	brunette
user17106	own	wear contacts
user17106	physical_attribute	athletic
user17106	like_activity	cycling
user17107	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user17107	misc_attribute	savage
user17107	misc_attribute	depressed
user17107	like_general	place
user17108	like_read	books
user17108	school_status	student
user17108	attend_school	university
user17108	like_read	1984
user17109	like_activity	horseback riding
user17109	has_hobby	camping
user17109	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user17109	have_chidren	2 son
user17110	physical_attribute	short
user17110	has_hobby	tap dancing
user17110	has_hobby	baking
user17110	favorite_book	david copperfield
user17111	like_goto	pool
user17111	like_activity	shopping
user17111	job_status	employed
user17111	have	"dont have children"
user17112	employed_by_general	vet
user17112	have_pet	3 dog
user17112	marital_status	married
user17112	have_chidren	2 children
user17113	live_in_general	rural
user17113	have_chidren	2 <blank>
user17113	employed_by_company	amazon
user17113	favorite_activity	robotics
user17114	physical_attribute	tall
user17114	like_activity	dance
user17114	physical_attribute	asthma
user17114	like_activity	running
user17114	like_sports	hockey
user17115	like_activity	running
user17115	like_music	imagine dragons
user17115	like_activity	fly model airplane
user17115	has_hobby	kayaking
user17116	gender	male
user17116	like_activity	painting
user17116	like_food	pizza
user17116	like_activity	gardening
user17117	like_general	dolls
user17117	misc_attribute	romantic
user17117	like_music	jazz
user17117	like_general	antiques
user17118	live_in_general	apartment
user17118	dislike	coffee
user17118	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user17118	has_profession	finance
user17119	physical_attribute	senior citizen
user17119	have_chidren	4 children
user17119	like_read	<blank>
user17120	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user17120	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user17120	place_origin	london
user17120	like_activity	painting
user17121	want_job	journalist
user17121	attend_school	university
user17121	has_ability	sorting books
user17122	other	birth date
user17122	has_ability	baking
user17122	attend_school	law school
user17123	like_activity	travel
user17123	other	was on the news
user17124	have_vehicle	ferrari
user17124	dislike	acting
user17124	dislike	kids
user17125	own	cds
user17125	like_general	furniture
user17125	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user17125	favorite_music_artist	beatles
user17125	has_ability	play instrument
user17126	like_goto	school
user17126	physical_attribute	6 tall
user17126	like_activity	running
user17126	like_activity	dancing
user17126	other	tall family.
user17127	like_sports	hockey
user17127	like_activity	rollerblading
user17127	want_do	eating
user17127	other	am caucasian
user17128	like_activity	gardening
user17128	favorite_food	onion
user17128	physical_attribute	curly
user17128	like_general	crystals
user17128	misc_attribute	independent
user17129	favorite_food	subway
user17129	like_goto	starbucks
user17129	has_hobby	collecting figurines
user17129	have_pet	cat
user17129	like_goto	antique stores
user17130	have_pet	3 dog
user17130	like_goto	the lake
user17130	like_general	blue
user17130	like_read	horror
user17130	has_profession	accountant
user17131	favorite_season	winter
user17131	dislike	swimsuit
user17132	other	allergies
user17132	has_profession	compete in beauty pageants
user17132	like_activity	manicures
user17132	have_chidren	son
user17133	other	christian
user17133	like_activity	football
user17133	employed_by_general	<blank>
user17134	marital_status	single
user17134	employed_by_general	publishing building
user17134	have	laugh
user17134	gender	female
user17134	like_activity	cooking
user17135	dislike	social situations
user17135	has_profession	freelance accountant
user17135	other	"feel like ive been though life once before"
user17135	other	mild ocd
user17136	want	responsible
user17136	misc_attribute	distrustful
user17136	school_status	student
user17136	have	friends
user17136	physical_attribute	athletic
user17137	has_profession	waiter
user17137	have	boyfriend
user17137	has_ability	donor
user17137	has_hobby	jogging
user17138	want_job	teacher
user17138	dislike	some foods
user17138	misc_attribute	short-tempered
user17138	like_music	indie
user17138	like_animal	dog
user17139	other	am a widow
user17139	like_drink	coffee
user17139	favorite_activity	gardening
user17139	has_age	77
user17140	like_activity	<blank>
user17140	has_ability	play instrument
user17140	want_do	home
user17140	have	friend
user17140	has_profession	musician
user17141	have	photo
user17141	own	5 pairs of same pants
user17141	like_music	justin bieber
user17141	have_sibling	sister
user17142	own	home
user17142	favorite_color	purple
user17142	like_animal	dog
user17142	favorite_music_artist	worn
user17142	like_sports	swimming
user17143	have_chidren	2 children
user17143	other	mother
user17143	has_profession	teacher
user17143	have_pet	2 dog
user17144	like_general	vinyl records
user17144	misc_attribute	active
user17144	have_vehicle	junk
user17144	want_do	fix
user17145	previous_profession	programmer
user17145	has_age	77
user17145	like_animal	animals
user17145	have	2 grandchildren
user17146	like_activity	bingo
user17146	like_general	my family
user17146	like_music	jazz
user17147	own	salon
user17147	live_in_general	boat
user17147	physical_attribute	hair is purple
user17147	marital_status	married
user17147	has_profession	hairdresser
user17148	own	1 house
user17148	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user17148	marital_status	single
user17148	has_ability	play instrument
user17149	has_degree	statistics
user17149	has_profession	blackjack dealer
user17149	have_chidren	3 children
user17149	want_job	casino manager
user17150	has_hobby	band
user17150	misc_attribute	sociable
user17150	want_job	director
user17151	like_activity	photography
user17151	want_job	photographer
user17151	want_do	photography
user17151	like_music	adam levine
user17152	has_profession	baker
user17152	want_do	retire
user17152	have_chidren	children
user17152	previous_profession	actor
user17152	have_family	wife
user17153	has_hobby	quilting
user17153	has_profession	pharmacist
user17153	misc_attribute	wild
user17153	have_chidren	grandchildren
user17153	like_music	classical
user17154	favorite_show	rick and morty
user17154	has_ability	writing a novel
user17154	own	iphone
user17154	favorite_color	black
user17154	dislike	pickle
user17155	has_hobby	yoga
user17155	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user17155	marital_status	married
user17155	has_hobby	volunteer
user17155	has_profession	teacher
user17156	school_status	student
user17156	like_goto	dates
user17156	like_goto	museum
user17156	other	vegan
user17156	school_status	student
user17157	like_food	locally sourced
user17157	have_pet	10 alpacas
user17157	like_activity	outdoors
user17157	own	home
user17158	misc_attribute	polite
user17158	like_food	1 restaurant
user17158	employed_by_general	bank
user17158	job_status	work 40 hours a week
user17159	like_activity	hiking
user17159	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user17159	own	pink hiking boots
user17160	favorite_food	carrots
user17160	like_activity	gardening
user17160	has_age	71
user17161	have_pet	1 dog
user17161	live_in_general	los angeles
user17161	has_ability	dance and sing
user17161	has_ability	speak language
user17161	want_job	actor
user17162	have_chidren	3 daughter
user17162	has_profession	police
user17162	like_sports	horseback riding
user17162	like_activity	scuba diving
user17163	like_activity	driving
user17163	like_general	to chat with my friends
user17163	like_goto	movie theater
user17163	like_goto	restaurant
user17164	like_food	vegetables
user17164	like_activity	hiking
user17164	like_activity	gambling
user17164	like_activity	talking on the phone
user17165	marital_status	married
user17165	has_profession	athlete
user17165	favorite	theory henry
user17165	attend_school	stanford
user17166	has_profession	baker
user17166	previous_profession	actor
user17166	have_family	wife
user17166	want_do	retire
user17166	have_chidren	children
user17167	has_profession	nurse
user17167	has_ability	play instrument
user17167	has_hobby	paddle boarding
user17167	own	1 house
user17168	like_music	rock
user17168	want	win lottery
user17168	employed_by_general	large company
user17168	like_food	all
user17168	have_vehicle	car
user17169	like_general	blue
user17169	like_goto	concerts
user17169	has_ability	play instrument
user17169	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user17169	has_hobby	swimming
user17170	dislike	social obligations
user17170	dislike	eating out
user17170	like_sports	running
user17170	like_watching	foreign
user17171	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user17171	has_profession	salesman
user17171	employed_by_general	gas station
user17171	like_goto	grocery store
user17171	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user17172	like_activity	running
user17172	has_hobby	football
user17172	marital_status	married
user17172	employed_by_general	candy store
user17173	employed_by_general	smoothie shop
user17173	like_food	vegetarian
user17173	has_hobby	watching television
user17173	like_music	classic rock
user17174	<blank>	<blank>
user17174	has_hobby	photography
user17174	has_profession	chef
user17174	like_activity	traveling
user17174	like_activity	baking
user17175	other	disappointment
user17175	like_animal	parrot
user17175	have_family	sibling
user17175	want_do	go to beach
user17176	like_food	cheetos
user17176	dislike	mexican food
user17176	have	4 visited mexico
user17177	like_sports	softball
user17177	has_profession	technician
user17177	like_read	history
user17178	like_general	my image
user17178	want	mom was healthier
user17178	live_in_general	bad neighborhood
user17178	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user17179	misc_attribute	social
user17179	have_sibling	6 sibling
user17179	have	2 broken arm
user17179	marital_status	widow
user17180	have_vehicle	prius
user17180	like_activity	dance
user17180	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user17181	have_vehicle	car
user17181	like_sports	fan
user17181	want_job	entrepreneur
user17181	like_activity	hanging out
user17181	like_activity	politics
user17182	like_activity	traveling
user17182	like_activity	art projects
user17182	like_general	family
user17182	marital_status	married
user17183	dislike	math
user17183	own	clothing
user17183	physical_attribute	smell like french fries
user17183	want	eats too much fries
user17184	employed_by_company	walmart
user17184	like_food	food with no animal product
user17184	favorite_music_artist	muse
user17185	like_food	meat
user17185	previous_profession	musician
user17185	like_music	the story so far
user17185	previous_profession	factory worker
user17185	employed_by_general	online
user17186	like_music	rap
user17186	have	beard
user17186	school_status	graduated
user17186	live_in_general	farm
user17187	like_activity	sewing
user17187	have_pet	cat
user17187	employed_by_general	cafe
user17187	like_general	books
user17188	have_sibling	sibling
user17188	misc_attribute	inquisitive
user17188	want_do	video games
user17188	favorite_food	fried chicken and chocolate cake
user17188	like_activity	staying up late
user17189	like_food	food with no animal product
user17189	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user17189	like_food	strawberry
user17189	like_goto	beach
user17189	have_pet	2 cat
user17190	have_vehicle	car
user17190	job_status	work all the time
user17190	job_status	employed
user17191	have	local theater gig
user17191	previous_profession	actor
user17191	place_origin	small town
user17191	favorite_drink	cuba libre
user17191	has_profession	comedian
user17192	like_food	sushi
user17192	like_animal	dog
user17192	like_activity	shopping
user17193	favorite_color	yellow
user17193	not_have	money
user17193	like_activity	riding the bus
user17193	has_profession	babysitter
user17193	job_status	unemployed
user17194	live_in_citystatecountry	russia
user17194	has_hobby	working out
user17194	has_hobby	weight lifting
user17194	physical_attribute	buff
user17195	misc_attribute	weird
user17195	physical_attribute	<blank>
user17195	misc_attribute	lazy
user17195	have	2 hair
user17196	like_general	tool
user17196	has_ability	fly airplane
user17196	attend_school	university
user17196	employed_by_general	army
user17197	other	volunteer firefighter.
user17197	job_status	employed
user17197	physical_attribute	colorblind
user17197	has_age	30
user17198	previous_profession	musician
user17198	like_music	the story so far
user17198	previous_profession	factory worker
user17198	like_food	meat
user17198	employed_by_general	online
user17199	dislike	small talk
user17199	misc_attribute	aspergers
user17199	misc_attribute	literal
user17199	misc_attribute	smart
user17200	has_profession	trainer
user17200	has_hobby	writing
user17200	dislike	sleeping in
user17200	want	know
user17201	has_hobby	drawing
user17201	employed_by_general	club
user17201	like_watching	scobby doo
user17201	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17202	has_profession	pilot
user17202	other	parents in the military
user17202	dislike	spiders
user17203	own	company
user17203	other	70 salary
user17203	dislike	work
user17203	has_ability	cheap
user17203	have_chidren	1 child
user17204	other	relative
user17204	physical_attribute	short
user17204	like_general	red
user17204	job_status	seeking employment
user17204	have_pet	dog
user17205	like_general	headsets
user17205	have_family	parents
user17205	like_general	red
user17205	like_activity	travel
user17206	like_goto	cinema
user17206	own	cape
user17206	like_activity	it
user17207	like_food	green tea
user17207	<blank>	<blank>
user17207	like_watching	mystery
user17207	like_activity	writing
user17207	has_profession	author
user17208	marital_status	married
user17208	like_goto	beach
user17208	job_status	employed
user17208	like_general	blue
user17209	other	ketogenic
user17209	employed_by_general	circus
user17209	has_hobby	watching movies
user17210	like_activity	ballet
user17210	favorite_color	purple
user17210	like_activity	video games
user17210	physical_attribute	blonde
user17211	misc_attribute	popular
user17211	school_status	student
user17211	have_pet	dog
user17212	has_hobby	hiking
user17212	has_ability	speak language
user17212	has_profession	artist
user17212	want_do	move
user17213	member_of	church
user17213	like_read	agatha christie
user17213	has_ability	grow sunflowers
user17213	have_chidren	5 children
user17214	have_pet	3 dog
user17214	marital_status	married
user17214	employed_by_general	vet
user17214	like_general	flowers
user17215	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user17215	has_profession	finance
user17215	like_sports	soccer
user17215	live_in_general	apartment
user17216	has_ability	play instrument
user17216	live_in_general	alone
user17216	<blank>	<blank>
user17216	has_profession	scientist
user17217	has_hobby	working out
user17217	job_status	retired
user17217	other	8 grandchildren
user17217	physical_attribute	attractive
user17217	own	wear glasses
user17218	place_origin	virginia
user17218	has_ability	driving
user17218	has_profession	truck driver
user17219	other	vegan
user17219	favorite_color	orange
user17219	favorite	rose
user17219	has_profession	barista
user17219	have_pet	cat
user17220	have_pet	2 dog
user17220	have_pet	2 dog
user17220	like_animal	dog
user17221	want	mom was healthier
user17221	want	to go to another school
user17221	like_general	my image
user17221	misc_attribute	worry a lot
user17222	favorite_place	florida
user17222	like_activity	skiing
user17222	favorite_color	yellow
user17223	job_status	employed
user17223	like_general	nature
user17223	like_general	eating out
user17223	like_general	blue
user17224	like_food	cheetos
user17224	like_activity	skiing
user17224	dislike	mexican food
user17224	have	4 visited mexico
user17225	misc_attribute	athletic
user17225	school_status	student
user17225	like_animal	cat
user17225	physical_attribute	strong
user17226	job_status	employed
user17226	like_animal	animals
user17226	other	vegetarian
user17226	employed_by_company	peta
user17227	like_sports	hockey
user17227	other	has left the country
user17227	attend_school	university
user17227	have	friend
user17228	favorite_hobby	reading
user17228	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user17228	has_ability	digital art
user17228	favorite_book	stephen king
user17229	have	bas social life
user17229	like_general	going to bed late
user17229	like_food	chinese
user17229	has_profession	make robots
user17230	have	braces
user17230	want_do	dieting
user17230	has_hobby	drawing
user17230	misc_attribute	talkative
user17231	dislike	spider
user17231	favorite_activity	pray
user17231	has_ability	left sock first.
user17232	own	music store
user17232	other	like to help animals
user17232	want_do	retire to florida
user17233	physical_attribute	tall
user17233	physical_attribute	purple hair
user17233	misc_attribute	genius
user17234	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user17234	like_food	beets
user17234	live_in_general	farm
user17234	has_profession	salesman
user17235	has_hobby	hunting
user17235	like_sports	basketball
user17235	marital_status	not married
user17235	have_chidren	children
user17235	like_activity	singing
user17236	like_activity	hiking
user17236	dislike	losing things
user17236	live_in_citystatecountry	sweden
user17236	like_food	fish
user17236	like_music	marduk
user17237	like_activity	cooking
user17237	have_pet	cat
user17237	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user17238	other	six months to live
user17238	has_ability	0 regular expressions
user17238	other	allergic
user17238	like_food	fried
user17239	misc_attribute	organized
user17239	like_watching	talk show
user17239	dislike	kissing
user17239	misc_attribute	above average
user17240	physical_attribute	1 pinky toe
user17240	dislike	green eggs and ham
user17240	like_activity	swimming
user17240	like_activity	cooking
user17240	have_pet	4 dog
user17241	has_ability	play instrument
user17241	has_profession	at bar
user17241	like_activity	surfing
user17241	has_ability	cook
user17241	like_music	country
user17242	has_age	15
user17242	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user17242	other	braces
user17243	has_ability	play instrument
user17243	marital_status	married
user17243	have	husband
user17243	has_profession	nurse
user17244	like_activity	baking
user17244	like_activity	horseback riding
user17244	favorite	rose
user17244	place_origin	texas
user17245	like_animal	rabbit
user17245	like_watching	game of thrones
user17245	place_origin	alabama
user17246	like_goto	walmart
user17246	like_general	cold weather
user17246	like_watching	game of thrones
user17246	dislike	heights
user17246	favorite_season	winter
user17247	physical_attribute	tall
user17247	like_activity	dance
user17247	physical_attribute	asthma
user17247	like_activity	running
user17248	like_sports	football
user17248	place_origin	new york
user17248	want_job	teacher
user17248	want_do	study abroad in spain
user17248	school_status	student
user17249	like_activity	competition
user17249	member_of	sports club
user17249	want	be alone
user17249	like_general	the library
user17249	misc_attribute	distrustful
user17250	like_read	mystery
user17250	nationality	united states
user17250	like_goto	beach
user17250	like_food	pizza
user17251	want	faster computer
user17251	own	glasses
user17251	like_general	winter
user17251	favorite	actress
user17252	misc_attribute	lively
user17252	like_general	color red
user17252	have	3 thumbs
user17252	misc_attribute	skeptical
user17252	has_ability	fast typer
user17253	have_pet	4 dog
user17253	have_vehicle	convertible
user17253	own	personal religion
user17253	other	believe in ghosts
user17254	live_in_general	large home
user17254	has_profession	doctor
user17254	like_goto	beach
user17254	employed_by_general	hospital
user17255	have_family	mother
user17255	like_activity	video games
user17255	dislike	1 cooking
user17255	physical_attribute	long hair
user17256	misc_attribute	vain
user17256	physical_attribute	curly hair
user17256	like_activity	cooking
user17256	like_activity	drawing
user17257	favorite	hero
user17257	favorite_season	summer
user17257	like_animal	butterfly
user17257	dislike	dresses
user17257	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user17258	like_general	christmas
user17258	want	magic was real
user17258	have_chidren	daughter
user17258	misc_attribute	fantasizing
user17259	like_watching	south park
user17259	has_hobby	baseball
user17259	job_status	employed
user17260	want_do	skydiving
user17260	have_sibling	twin brother
user17260	misc_attribute	helpful
user17260	like_activity	gardening
user17261	has_profession	basketball player
user17261	attend_school	university
user17261	other	make 35 million a year
user17261	live_in_general	mansion
user17261	member_of	sports team
user17262	dislike	popcorn
user17262	like_food	nachos
user17262	has_hobby	filmng
user17262	employed_by_general	movie theater
user17263	favorite_food	italian
user17263	like_activity	driving
user17263	have	10 piercings
user17264	has_profession	police
user17264	dislike	holidays
user17264	have_vehicle	ford
user17264	own	guns
user17264	marital_status	3 married
user17265	like_activity	travel
user17265	<blank>	<blank>
user17265	physical_attribute	tall
user17265	like_activity	building
user17266	has_ability	300 speak language
user17266	own	mansion
user17266	has_profession	business man
user17266	want	parents
user17267	have_pet	several
user17267	has_hobby	wildlife watching
user17267	like_watching	animals
user17267	like_goto	animal shelters
user17268	have_pet	2 cat
user17268	have_pet	cat
user17268	like_activity	reading
user17268	has_profession	librarian
user17268	like_food	tuna
user17269	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user17269	has_ability	2 speak language
user17269	marital_status	married
user17269	like_activity	cooking
user17270	favorite_music_artist	adam levine
user17270	have_family	2 children
user17270	have_pet	2 cat
user17270	like_food	kale
user17271	employed_by_general	hospital
user17271	has_profession	nurse
user17271	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user17271	marital_status	divorced
user17272	favorite	sleep
user17272	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user17272	own	sneakers
user17272	like_music	rap
user17273	has_degree	nursing
user17273	favorite_food	sushi
user17273	like_general	helping others
user17274	has_profession	designer
user17274	has_profession	graphic designer
user17274	want_job	animator
user17274	has_ability	drawing in traditional style
user17275	marital_status	married
user17275	like_drink	iced tea
user17275	teach	first grade
user17275	has_hobby	shopping
user17276	have	appeared on jeopardy
user17276	like_activity	refurbishing
user17276	like_activity	pottery
user17276	misc_attribute	unstable
user17276	other	recovering alcoholic
user17277	has_hobby	traveling
user17277	place_origin	beach
user17277	like_food	pizza
user17277	like_animal	dog
user17278	has_ability	run marathons
user17278	have_pet	3 dog
user17278	has_profession	athlete
user17278	dislike	sweet potatoes
user17278	like_music	all american rejecs
user17279	has_hobby	walking
user17279	favorite_food	pizza
user17279	like_general	being myself
user17279	like_activity	reading
user17280	like_sports	hockey
user17280	physical_attribute	asthma
user17280	like_activity	dance
user17280	physical_attribute	tall
user17281	has_hobby	video games
user17281	favorite_color	green
user17281	job_status	employed
user17281	like_sports	running
user17282	want_job	publishing
user17282	want	autographs from authors
user17282	other	used to wear glasses
user17282	favorite_color	green
user17283	other	carnivore
user17283	like_goto	rock concerts
user17283	place_origin	farm
user17283	has_age	18
user17283	like_activity	with friends
user17284	like_goto	museum
user17284	employed_by_general	bookstore
user17284	want_job	author
user17284	like_drink	iced tea
user17284	has_hobby	writing
user17285	want_do	painting
user17285	attend_school	university
user17285	physical_attribute	blonde
user17286	have_pet	cat
user17286	like_watching	movies
user17286	misc_attribute	talk in sleep
user17286	like_music	funk rock
user17286	like_food	taco
user17287	has_hobby	running
user17287	favorite_music_artist	pink floyd
user17287	job_status	seeking employment
user17287	want_do	own a restaurant
user17288	like_music	country
user17288	has_profession	at bar
user17288	like_activity	surfing
user17288	has_ability	cook
user17288	has_ability	play instrument
user17289	has_hobby	bicycling
user17289	like_goto	canada
user17289	misc_attribute	competitive
user17289	other	name
user17290	like_animal	dog
user17290	like_sports	field hockey
user17290	has_age	15
user17290	want_job	veterinarian
user17290	school_status	student
user17291	like_sports	soccer
user17291	place_origin	<blank>
user17291	like_activity	investing
user17291	employed_by_company	nike
user17292	other	omar
user17292	have_sibling	brother
user17292	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user17292	has_ability	play instrument
user17293	have	too be perfect
user17293	misc_attribute	slow
user17293	job_status	employed
user17293	want	vacation
user17294	physical_attribute	brunette
user17294	like_activity	sleeping
user17294	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user17294	has_profession	author
user17295	have_chidren	<blank>
user17295	place_origin	texas
user17295	job_status	employed
user17295	like_sports	basketball
user17295	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user17296	have_chidren	grandchildren
user17296	like_music	classical
user17296	has_profession	pharmacist
user17296	misc_attribute	wild
user17297	other	veteran
user17297	has_hobby	gardening
user17297	place_origin	kentucky
user17297	like_read	<blank>
user17297	like_read	enders game
user17298	has_profession	lifeguard
user17298	have_vehicle	convertible
user17298	has_ability	breath of fresh air
user17298	like_activity	spreading happiness
user17299	have_family	2 children
user17299	like_food	kale
user17299	have_pet	2 cat
user17299	like_general	adam levine
user17299	want	more iron in my diet
user17300	other	east asian
user17300	favorite_food	pizza
user17300	other	tom
user17300	misc_attribute	healthy
user17300	like_food	italian cuisine
user17301	like_food	french fries
user17301	has_hobby	skydiving
user17301	own	olympic medal
user17301	like_music	queens of the stone age
user17301	want	medication
user17302	other	eat less meat than usual
user17302	like_general	cars
user17302	like_activity	riding
user17302	like_activity	horseback riding
user17303	marital_status	widow
user17303	like_music	adam levine
user17303	want_do	photography
user17303	want_job	photographer
user17303	like_activity	photography
user17304	dislike	jokes
user17304	like_general	simpler times
user17304	like_general	simple jokes
user17305	like_activity	painting
user17305	like_food	ice cream
user17305	like_food	pasta
user17305	school_status	student
user17306	like_animal	fish
user17306	has_ability	play instrument
user17306	favorite_music	jimi hendrix
user17306	school_status	dropped out
user17306	employed_by_general	deli
user17307	have_pet	cat
user17307	has_ability	speak language
user17307	have	1 blue eye
user17308	like_general	blue
user17308	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17308	like_read	<blank>
user17308	like_food	cupcakes
user17308	physical_attribute	brunette
user17309	has_ability	drive truck
user17309	place_origin	kansas
user17309	like_animal	chicken
user17309	like_food	egg
user17310	has_profession	actor
user17310	has_ability	singing
user17310	have_sibling	2 twin brother
user17310	like_activity	painting
user17311	like_goto	nature
user17311	want	move to another country
user17311	like_music	electronic
user17311	have	debt
user17311	school_status	student
user17312	marital_status	married
user17312	like_general	politics
user17312	like_activity	running
user17312	has_hobby	football
user17313	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user17313	like_activity	doing nails
user17313	like_food	pickled eggs
user17313	like_activity	hiking
user17313	like_sports	volley ball
user17314	like_general	fun
user17314	like_drink	beer
user17314	like_activity	football
user17315	have_pet	lizard
user17315	<blank>	<blank>
user17315	like_activity	cooking
user17315	like_activity	walking
user17316	have_chidren	children
user17316	marital_status	married
user17316	have_chidren	4 children
user17316	like_food	ice cream
user17317	other	cat person
user17317	have	cell phone
user17317	like_drink	alcohol
user17317	member_of	hobby club
user17318	live_in_general	city
user17318	attend_school	university
user17318	employed_by_general	bank
user17318	place_origin	upstate
user17319	favorite_food	fruit
user17319	own	greenhouse
user17319	<blank>	<blank>
user17319	has_ability	composting
user17319	has_hobby	soap making
user17320	like_music	madonna
user17320	employed_by_general	retailer
user17320	like_music	10 concerts
user17320	like_music	any
user17321	want_do	pilot
user17321	like_general	colors
user17321	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user17321	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user17322	has_age	30
user17322	has_ability	security guard
user17322	job_status	employed
user17322	have_pet	2 dog
user17322	marital_status	single
user17323	want_job	author
user17323	has_profession	trainer
user17323	has_ability	novel writing
user17323	has_hobby	writing
user17324	misc_attribute	ambitious
user17324	dislike	cooking
user17324	like_general	dress up
user17324	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17324	like_activity	skin care
user17325	have	an online business
user17325	has_hobby	yoga
user17325	has_profession	marketing
user17325	has_ability	meditate
user17325	other	vegan
user17326	want_do	schooling
user17326	want_do	<blank>
user17326	want_do	learning
user17326	like_watching	netflix
user17327	like_food	beets
user17327	live_in_general	farm
user17327	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user17328	school_status	student this summer at police academy
user17328	own	bowie knife
user17328	like_drink	water with protein powder
user17328	like_activity	watch
user17329	own	company
user17329	dislike	work
user17329	attend_school	high school
user17329	have_chidren	1 child
user17329	has_ability	cheap
user17330	other	name
user17330	job_status	general manager of grocery store
user17330	has_hobby	bicycling
user17331	has_profession	in marketing
user17331	own	pink hiking boots
user17331	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user17331	like_music	folk
user17332	have_pet	named charlie
user17332	has_profession	artist
user17332	own	2 hoop earrings
user17332	like_general	the nighttime
user17333	have	girlfriend
user17333	have	never flown on an airplane
user17333	has_profession	farmer
user17333	favorite_season	duck hunting
user17334	other	mother
user17334	has_profession	teacher
user17334	have_pet	2 dog
user17334	have_chidren	2 children
user17335	like_activity	photography
user17335	has_profession	engineer
user17335	live_in_general	alone
user17335	like_activity	hiking
user17335	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user17336	dislike	beet
user17336	other	vegetarian
user17336	like_activity	sleeping
user17336	dislike	traffic
user17336	has_ability	cook
user17337	have_family	grandmother
user17337	marital_status	divorced
user17337	has_profession	bowler
user17337	job_status	employed
user17337	have_chidren	2 children
user17338	like_activity	snorkeling
user17338	like_music	gary human(probably means numan)
user17338	like_food	fruit
user17338	like_general	apple products
user17339	misc_attribute	overeat
user17339	misc_attribute	4 stylish
user17339	misc_attribute	organized
user17339	has_profession	teacher
user17339	like_general	kids
user17340	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user17340	other	vegan
user17340	has_profession	public relations
user17340	other	buddhist
user17340	place_origin	seattle
user17341	misc_attribute	insecure
user17341	gender	different
user17341	misc_attribute	confused
user17341	other	sexual identity
user17341	dislike	rejection from parents
user17342	want_do	botox
user17342	attend_school	university
user17342	job_status	unemployed
user17342	misc_attribute	flashy
user17343	physical_attribute	tall
user17343	like_music	the rolling stones
user17343	want_do	retire
user17343	employed_by_company	ibm
user17343	job_status	not a basketball player
user17344	like_goto	concerts
user17344	has_hobby	swimming
user17344	like_general	blue
user17344	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user17344	has_ability	play instrument
user17345	own	iphone
user17345	favorite_color	black
user17345	has_ability	writing a novel
user17345	favorite_show	rick and morty
user17345	dislike	pickle
user17346	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user17346	misc_attribute	intelligent
user17346	has_ability	cook
user17346	has_ability	perfect pitch
user17347	like_music	the beatles
user17347	physical_attribute	tall
user17347	has_hobby	gymnastics
user17347	has_profession	scientist
user17348	attend_school	law school
user17348	has_ability	baking
user17348	other	birth date
user17349	like_activity	hiking
user17349	like_activity	skiing
user17349	like_music	one direction
user17349	place_origin	colorado
user17350	job_status	employed
user17350	like_watching	south park
user17350	has_hobby	baseball
user17350	marital_status	engaged
user17351	has_hobby	baking
user17351	has_hobby	tap dancing
user17351	physical_attribute	short
user17351	favorite_book	david copperfield
user17352	marital_status	married
user17352	like_drink	soda
user17352	like_music	the rolling stones
user17352	misc_attribute	unhealthy
user17352	have_chidren	3 children
user17353	want_job	journalist
user17353	have_pet	1 dog
user17353	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user17353	has_ability	play instrument
user17354	like_activity	shopping
user17354	want_do	go to europe
user17354	have	never
user17354	gender	female
user17355	other	east asian
user17355	favorite_food	pizza
user17355	misc_attribute	healthy
user17355	like_food	italian cuisine
user17356	like_goto	museum
user17356	have_chidren	2 son
user17356	like_activity	painting
user17356	like_goto	wine tours
user17357	has_profession	in marketing
user17357	favorite_place	appalachian trail
user17357	like_activity	hiking
user17357	like_music	folk
user17357	own	pink hiking boots
user17358	employed_by_company	military
user17358	like_activity	traveling
user17358	like_food	brownies
user17358	like_general	explosions
user17358	like_animal	cat
user17359	favorite_movie	the last of the mohicans
user17359	school_status	did not graduate
user17360	like_activity	traveling
user17360	gender	female
user17360	marital_status	married
user17360	like_general	family
user17361	like_activity	dancing
user17361	like_sports	equestrian
user17361	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user17361	other	allergic to shellfish
user17362	want	house on beach
user17362	like_activity	eating
user17362	like_music	pop
user17362	like_watching	nascar
user17363	previous_profession	pilot
user17363	place_origin	nevada
user17363	like_animal	dog
user17363	other	orphan
user17364	like_goto	opera
user17364	like_music	classical
user17364	like_goto	paris
user17364	physical_attribute	6 tall
user17365	dislike	reading
user17365	dislike	pants
user17366	attend_school	graduate school
user17366	like_food	meat
user17366	other	veteran
user17366	have	girlfriend
user17367	have_pet	1 dog
user17367	has_ability	dance and sing
user17367	live_in_general	los angeles
user17367	has_ability	speak language
user17367	want_job	actor
user17368	physical_attribute	2 amputation
user17368	like_read	crime
user17368	has_profession	zoologist
user17368	like_food	egg
user17369	like_activity	cooking
user17369	has_hobby	volunteer
user17369	has_profession	9 to 5
user17369	want_job	baker
user17370	like_food	meat
user17370	live_in_general	far from home
user17370	physical_attribute	red hair
user17370	has_ability	computer repair
user17371	has_profession	nurse
user17371	favorite_food	mexican food
user17371	like_music	the rolling stones
user17371	other	mother
user17372	favorite_music_artist	justin timberlake
user17372	have_chidren	mother
user17372	has_hobby	camping
user17372	have_chidren	children
user17372	has_hobby	horseback riding
user17373	other	jack of all trades
user17373	misc_attribute	careful
user17373	like_food	sweets
user17373	misc_attribute	unsociable
user17374	like_general	crystals
user17374	like_activity	gardening
user17374	misc_attribute	independent
user17374	physical_attribute	curly
user17375	has_ability	speak language
user17375	want_do	save money
user17375	like_watching	anime
user17376	like_movie	action
user17376	like_sports	football
user17376	have_vehicle	ford
user17376	attend_school	university
user17377	like_goto	pool
user17377	have	"dont have children"
user17377	like_activity	shopping
user17377	has_hobby	yoga
user17378	have_vehicle	boat
user17378	have	5 grandchildren
user17378	like_activity	fishing
user17378	<blank>	<blank>
user17378	gender	70 male
user17379	other	adopted
user17379	have	brown hair
user17379	have	birth mother
user17379	favorite	christmas
user17380	misc_attribute	reserved
user17380	like_general	forest
user17380	want	food
user17380	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user17381	dislike	boss
user17381	has_profession	manager
user17381	misc_attribute	lose control
user17382	favorite_season	summer
user17382	like_food	taco
user17382	want_job	doctor
user17382	attend_school	michigan
user17383	has_hobby	building furniture
user17383	have	bowled a 300 twice
user17383	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user17384	have_vehicle	car
user17384	have_pet	cat
user17384	has_profession	youtuber
user17384	has_ability	make videos
user17385	like_general	babies
user17385	have_chidren	5 children
user17385	like_general	gadgets
user17385	like_activity	drawing
user17385	like_activity	socialize
user17386	like_food	egg
user17386	has_ability	drive truck
user17386	like_animal	chicken
user17386	place_origin	kansas
user17387	dislike	basketball
user17387	misc_attribute	helpful
user17387	dislike	vegetables
user17387	like_sports	badminton
user17388	has_ability	3 speak language
user17388	job_status	seeking employment
user17388	favorite_music_artist	rush
user17388	have_chidren	2 children
user17389	has_profession	nurse
user17389	employed_by_general	hospital
user17389	like_read	<blank>
user17389	marital_status	divorced
user17389	favorite_drink	dr pepper
user17390	school_status	graduated
user17390	other	look down on people
user17390	has_profession	finance
user17390	misc_attribute	patriotic
user17390	like_food	takeout
user17391	like_general	helping others
user17391	has_degree	nursing
user17391	favorite_food	sushi
user17392	favorite_music	country
user17392	like_general	internet
user17392	like_activity	baking
user17392	job_status	employed
user17392	other	vegetarian
user17393	marital_status	single
user17393	favorite_color	grey
user17393	like_activity	yoga
user17393	like_activity	writing
user17393	employed_by_general	newspaper
user17394	misc_attribute	flashy
user17394	attend_school	university
user17394	job_status	unemployed
user17395	place_origin	texas
user17395	like_sports	basketball
user17395	job_status	employed
user17395	have_chidren	<blank>
user17396	favorite_food	chicken
user17396	like_read	autobiographies
user17396	have_pet	cat
user17396	like_music	metallica
user17397	have_sibling	3 brother
user17397	place_origin	<blank>
user17397	like_activity	investing
user17397	employed_by_company	nike
user17397	like_sports	soccer
user17398	favorite_color	purple
user17398	like_activity	ballet
user17398	physical_attribute	blonde
user17399	has_hobby	watching television
user17399	has_profession	mechanic
user17399	like_activity	fishing
user17399	live_in_general	alone
user17400	has_ability	fly airplane
user17400	like_general	tool
user17400	like_activity	building computers
user17400	employed_by_general	army
user17400	attend_school	university
user17401	like_activity	video games
user17401	like_food	junk food
user17401	favorite_music	kpop
user17401	employed_by_general	hotel
user17401	has_hobby	writing
user17402	has_ability	apply make-up
user17402	like_watching	make up tutorials
user17402	has_hobby	youtube
user17402	attend_school	beauty classes
user17403	has_ability	play instrument
user17403	dislike	fast food
user17403	like_activity	go karting
user17403	own	george foreman grill
user17403	has_hobby	fishing
user17404	attend_school	princeton
user17404	like_goto	places
user17404	like_watching	the voice
user17404	like_music	<blank>
user17404	favorite_activity	museums
user17405	like_food	meat
user17405	employed_by_general	it
user17405	has_hobby	weed
user17405	like_music	rap
user17406	has_profession	finance
user17406	dislike	cleaning
user17406	other	italian american
user17406	like_general	blue
user17406	has_hobby	painting
user17407	like_activity	cooking
user17407	<blank>	<blank>
user17407	misc_attribute	happy
user17408	like_animal	cat
user17408	physical_attribute	attractive
user17408	have	allergies
user17409	like_sports	running
user17409	dislike	social obligations
user17409	dislike	eating out
user17410	like_read	autobiographies
user17410	favorite_food	chicken
user17410	like_music	metallica
user17410	like_goto	gym
user17410	have_pet	cat
user17411	job_status	employed
user17411	has_hobby	hiking
user17411	have_sibling	3 sibling
user17411	other	has not left country
user17411	other	<blank>
user17412	have_pet	2 dog
user17412	like_animal	dog
user17412	have_pet	2 dog
user17413	own	2 monitors
user17413	like_general	iphone
user17413	like_movie	superhero
user17413	own	ebooks
user17414	other	gay
user17414	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user17414	like_activity	making coffee
user17414	has_ability	brewing
user17415	have	cell phone
user17415	other	cat person
user17415	like_drink	alcohol
user17416	school_status	student
user17416	has_age	17
user17416	want_do	raise hell
user17416	misc_attribute	sheltered
user17417	has_profession	veterinarian
user17417	like_activity	reading
user17417	favorite_book	stephen king
user17417	other	christian
user17418	want_do	play
user17418	physical_attribute	tall
user17418	want_do	basketball
user17418	school_status	graduated
user17418	have	knee surgery
user17419	has_ability	visiting
user17419	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17420	has_profession	translator
user17420	want_job	author
user17420	dislike	career
user17420	job_status	unemployed
user17420	has_hobby	writing
user17421	has_hobby	drawing
user17421	misc_attribute	talkative
user17421	have	braces
user17421	want_do	dieting
user17422	like_activity	hiking and riding bicycle
user17422	has_age	29
user17422	like_general	going to bed late
user17422	favorite_music_artist	pearl jam
user17422	live_in_citystatecountry	boston
user17423	has_age	32
user17423	dislike	job
user17423	has_hobby	video games
user17423	live_in_general	with parents
user17424	favorite_drink	iced coffee
user17424	has_ability	karate
user17424	has_ability	play instrument
user17424	has_hobby	vacation
user17425	gender	female
user17425	marital_status	married
user17425	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user17425	own	agency
user17426	has_profession	package delivery
user17426	misc_attribute	funny
user17426	like_food	candy
user17426	have_vehicle	honda
user17426	have_pet	3 cat
user17427	like_music	rock
user17427	own	black purse
user17427	like_general	wearing black clothing
user17427	favorite_music_artist	guns and roses
user17428	like_activity	singing
user17428	misc_attribute	shy
user17428	have_pet	dog
user17428	misc_attribute	content
user17429	like_music	lindsey stirling
user17429	own	2 packs
user17429	like_drink	coffee
user17429	like_food	meatloaf
user17429	want	to be a hippopotamus if reincarnated
user17430	previous_profession	clown
user17430	has_profession	reality tv star
user17430	like_music	country
user17430	like_sports	surfing
user17431	have_vehicle	moped
user17431	favorite_color	orange
user17431	has_profession	rock band
user17431	physical_attribute	long nails
user17432	has_profession	writer
user17432	like_goto	comic con
user17432	has_ability	play instrument
user17432	other	am lesbian
user17433	live_in_general	condo
user17433	like_music	opera
user17433	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user17433	misc_attribute	focused
user17433	favorite_food	steak
user17434	like_activity	hiking
user17434	like_food	burrito
user17434	like_movie	shows
user17434	have_family	mother
user17434	like_general	being a guy
user17435	favorite_music_artist	rise against
user17435	like_sports	sports
user17435	favorite	raptors
user17435	has_ability	sleeping
user17435	want_job	dentist
user17436	want	parents
user17436	has_profession	business man
user17436	own	mansion
user17436	has_ability	300 speak language
user17437	like_music	10 concerts
user17437	like_music	madonna
user17437	employed_by_general	retailer
user17437	like_music	any
user17438	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user17438	attend_school	high school
user17438	has_age	15
user17439	like_activity	cooking
user17439	like_activity	running
user17439	misc_attribute	organized
user17439	favorite_show	face off
user17439	have_chidren	children
user17440	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user17440	other	orphan
user17440	like_general	close friends
user17440	misc_attribute	clown
user17440	like_general	attention
user17441	has_hobby	driving
user17441	have	friends
user17441	has_profession	disc jockey
user17441	other	am blind
user17442	have	friend
user17442	want_do	move out
user17442	dislike	school life
user17442	other	am worried about money
user17443	like_drink	beverage
user17443	other	imaginative
user17443	has_hobby	d&d
user17443	dislike	talking to people
user17444	want	pet
user17444	own	money
user17444	like_activity	eavesdroping
user17445	physical_attribute	brunette
user17445	like_watching	sunsets
user17445	like_sports	surfing
user17445	live_in_general	near the ocean
user17445	dislike	red meat
user17446	own	glasses
user17446	have	laptop
user17446	has_ability	ride
user17446	like_activity	writing
user17446	attend_school	college
user17447	like_activity	working out
user17447	like_music	country
user17447	have_pet	dog
user17448	want_job	professional eater
user17448	misc_attribute	belief in aliens
user17448	dislike	cleaning
user17449	own	honda civic
user17449	other	named after my grandmother
user17449	have	friend
user17449	like_activity	walking
user17450	have_pet	1 dog
user17450	has_ability	play instrument
user17451	want_do	going to paris and designing clothes
user17451	has_ability	driving
user17451	own	suburban
user17451	member_of	hobby club
user17451	like_drink	apple martinis
user17452	favorite_music	metal
user17452	like_activity	watching television
user17452	other	3 allergies
user17452	has_profession	commercials
user17453	other	am blind
user17453	physical_attribute	handicapped
user17453	have	friends
user17453	has_profession	disc jockey
user17454	marital_status	engaged
user17454	like_read	history
user17455	have_sibling	1 sister
user17455	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user17455	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user17456	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user17456	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user17456	like_activity	driving
user17456	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user17457	has_hobby	archery
user17457	dislike	sports
user17457	want_do	sports
user17457	employed_by_general	<blank>
user17458	misc_attribute	weird
user17458	physical_attribute	<blank>
user17458	have	2 hair
user17458	has_hobby	skateboarding
user17458	misc_attribute	lazy
user17459	other	omar
user17459	have	0 cities
user17459	have_sibling	brother
user17459	has_ability	play instrument
user17460	other	will work hard for whatever i want
user17460	misc_attribute	clown
user17460	like_general	attention
user17460	other	orphan
user17460	like_general	close friends
user17461	have_family	10 niece
user17461	like_goto	museum
user17461	has_profession	writer
user17461	marital_status	married
user17461	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user17462	like_music	jazz
user17462	employed_by_general	factory
user17462	favorite_place	seattle
user17462	want	bike
user17463	has_profession	gamer
user17463	like_activity	play league of legends
user17463	has_hobby	walking
user17463	marital_status	single
user17463	like_animal	dog
user17464	has_profession	salesman
user17464	has_hobby	rock collecting and macaroni art
user17464	like_goto	grocery store
user17464	employed_by_general	gas station
user17464	want_job	encyclopedia salesman
user17465	job_status	employed
user17465	other	lives with a roommate
user17465	dislike	beer
user17465	favorite_animal	koala
user17466	previous_profession	clown
user17466	like_music	country
user17466	like_sports	surfing
user17467	employed_by_general	military
user17467	has_hobby	wrestling
user17467	like_general	blue
user17467	have_chidren	1 son
user17467	has_age	25
user17468	like_music	the story so far
user17468	like_food	meat
user17468	previous_profession	factory worker
user17468	previous_profession	musician
user17469	has_profession	blogger
user17469	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user17469	like_activity	shopping
user17469	has_hobby	cheerleading
user17470	have	a house
user17470	have_family	parents
user17470	has_profession	artist
user17470	have_chidren	2 son
user17470	misc_attribute	sad
user17471	marital_status	married
user17471	has_profession	nurse
user17471	have	husband
user17471	has_ability	play instrument
user17472	other	vegetarian
user17472	has_profession	bartender
user17472	has_hobby	reading
user17472	like_activity	writing
user17473	school_status	student
user17473	want_job	musician
user17474	favorite_place	jamaica
user17474	like_activity	reading
user17474	have_sibling	3 sister
user17474	has_degree	creative writing
user17474	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user17475	gender	male
user17475	has_profession	chef
user17475	have_pet	parrot
user17475	place_origin	baton rouge
user17476	have_sibling	1 sister
user17476	like_animal	dog
user17476	like_activity	travel
user17476	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user17477	marital_status	married
user17477	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user17477	dislike	writing
user17477	physical_attribute	sight
user17478	misc_attribute	organized
user17478	like_activity	running
user17478	like_activity	cooking
user17478	favorite_show	face off
user17479	have_pet	2 dog
user17479	have_chidren	1 son
user17479	has_profession	yoga instruction
user17479	have	seashells
user17479	like_general	horses
user17480	like_activity	fly model airplane
user17480	has_hobby	kayaking
user17480	like_activity	running
user17480	like_music	imagine dragons
user17481	gender	female
user17481	favorite_music	barbie girl
user17481	other	nancy
user17481	have_family	only child
user17482	has_profession	<blank>
user17482	favorite_food	sushi
user17482	have	timeshare
user17482	favorite_show	friends
user17483	have_pet	2 dog
user17483	have_pet	2 dog
user17483	has_profession	veterinarian
user17483	like_animal	dog
user17484	favorite_color	black
user17484	<blank>	<blank>
user17484	has_hobby	writing
user17484	like_activity	singing
user17484	want_do	<blank>
user17485	like_food	vegetables
user17485	physical_attribute	allergic
user17485	misc_attribute	shy
user17485	have	trouble connecting with family
user17486	like_general	exclamation marks
user17486	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user17486	misc_attribute	family attention
user17486	have_pet	2 cat
user17486	like_activity	video games
user17487	has_ability	play instrument
user17487	own	cds
user17487	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user17487	like_general	furniture
user17488	want	a real dragon
user17488	own	suspenders
user17488	like_activity	video games
user17488	misc_attribute	dirty
user17488	have_pet	cat
user17489	gender	male
user17489	like_food	potato
user17489	has_profession	accountant
user17489	have	car
user17490	has_hobby	volunteering
user17490	has_ability	terrible speller
user17490	has_hobby	dancing
user17490	dislike	country
user17490	physical_attribute	blonde
user17491	have_chidren	toddler
user17491	employed_by_general	distributor
user17491	like_music	taylor swift
user17491	marital_status	married
user17492	<blank>	<blank>
user17492	has_ability	maintaining eye contact
user17492	favorite	halo 3
user17492	have_vehicle	moped
user17493	like_activity	travel
user17493	physical_attribute	tall
user17493	<blank>	<blank>
user17493	like_general	place
user17493	like_activity	building
user17494	has_profession	finance
user17494	like_sports	soccer
user17494	live_in_general	walking distance from work
user17494	dislike	coffee
user17494	live_in_general	apartment
user17495	other	feet smell
user17495	physical_attribute	brown eyes
user17495	physical_attribute	blonde
user17495	like_general	money
user17496	like_activity	cooking
user17496	gender	female
user17496	like_watching	spongebob
user17496	like_food	cheese
user17497	like_drink	chocolate
user17497	own	iphone 7
user17497	have	allergy
user17498	like_general	purple
user17498	have	no money
user17498	marital_status	single
user17498	have_vehicle	sports car
user17499	has_profession	computer technician
user17499	have_pet	dog
user17499	like_drink	chai tea
user17499	own	black clothes
user17499	dislike	spiders
user17500	misc_attribute	romantic
user17500	physical_attribute	average american youth
user17500	dislike	school
user17500	like_activity	walking
user17500	live_in_general	on lake
user17501	misc_attribute	incomplete
user17501	have_family	parents
user17501	have_chidren	2 son
user17501	have	a house
user17501	has_profession	artist
user17502	favorite_place	mall
user17502	physical_attribute	deaf
user17502	like_sports	tennis
user17502	marital_status	single
user17502	have_pet	dog
user17503	own	agency
user17503	gender	female
user17503	favorite_music_artist	radiohead
user17504	dislike	dresses
user17504	favorite	hero
user17504	favorite_season	summer
user17504	like_animal	butterfly
user17505	favorite_drink	red wine
user17505	have_chidren	1 child
user17505	like_activity	gardening
user17505	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user17505	have_pet	2 dog
user17506	has_hobby	archery
user17506	dislike	sports
user17506	want_do	sports
user17506	employed_by_general	<blank>
user17507	like_animal	dog
user17507	other	poor
user17507	have_pet	3 iguana
user17507	have_sibling	brother
user17508	has_hobby	dancing
user17508	has_ability	backwards alphabet
user17508	marital_status	engaged
user17508	job_status	unemployed
user17508	physical_attribute	red hair
user17509	like_drink	coffee
user17509	favorite_activity	gardening
user17509	other	am a widow
user17509	has_age	77
user17510	school_status	student
user17510	want	move to another country
user17510	like_goto	nature
user17510	like_music	electronic
user17510	have	debt
user17511	have	girlfriend
user17511	attend_school	graduate school
user17511	other	veteran
user17511	like_food	meat
user17512	misc_attribute	practical
user17513	have	knee surgery
user17513	want_do	basketball
user17513	school_status	graduated
user17513	want_do	play
user17513	physical_attribute	tall
user17514	like_watching	surgery
user17514	like_music	britney spears
user17514	favorite	ice cream is pistachio
user17514	like_activity	traveling
user17515	have_pet	skunk
user17515	have	green nails
user17515	live_in_citystatecountry	oregon
user17515	has_degree	masters
user17516	other	veteran
user17516	like_food	meat
user17516	have	girlfriend
user17516	attend_school	graduate school
user17517	dislike	homework
user17517	misc_attribute	lazy
user17517	other	bad luck with relationships
user17518	favorite	superman
user17518	have_family	1 twins
user17518	have	been cheated on
user17518	has_ability	play instrument
user17519	like_music	red hot chili peppers
user17519	have	6 shoe size women
user17519	want_job	journalist
user17519	have_pet	1 dog
user17520	have	6 toes
user17520	dislike	skiing
user17520	like_read	twilight
user17520	attend_school	elementary
user17521	like_activity	swimming
user17521	dislike	green eggs and ham
user17521	like_activity	cooking
user17521	have_pet	4 dog
user17522	own	music store
user17522	has_hobby	musician
user17522	want_do	retire to florida
user17522	other	like to help animals
user17523	like_sports	field hockey
user17523	has_age	15
user17523	like_animal	dog
user17523	want_job	veterinarian
user17524	has_profession	baker
user17524	have_sibling	2 sister
user17524	has_hobby	tennis
user17525	misc_attribute	funny
user17525	have_chidren	1 son
user17525	like_activity	walking
user17526	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17526	like_activity	skin care
user17526	misc_attribute	ambitious
user17526	like_general	dress up
user17527	like_music	one direction
user17527	favorite_food	spaghetti
user17527	attend_school	elementary school
user17527	want_job	athlete
user17528	like_watching	drama
user17528	job_status	seeking employment
user17528	school_status	student
user17528	like_music	yo gotti
user17529	teach	cheerleading
user17529	has_ability	cook
user17529	other	soccer mom
user17529	like_general	family time
user17529	employed_by_general	online company
user17530	attend_school	alabama university
user17530	have	girlfriend
user17530	misc_attribute	anxious
user17530	dislike	alcohol
user17530	like_sports	football
user17531	have_vehicle	car
user17531	favorite_music_artist	2pac
user17531	have_vehicle	car
user17531	like_music	rap
user17531	favorite	california love
user17532	misc_attribute	old soul
user17532	misc_attribute	unstable
user17532	physical_attribute	have back pain
user17532	misc_attribute	passionate
user17533	like_activity	fishing
user17533	like_activity	fishing
user17533	misc_attribute	simple
user17533	has_hobby	drink beers
user17534	has_ability	play instrument
user17534	like_food	indian cuisine
user17534	want	to adopt a dog
user17535	want_do	painting
user17535	like_activity	painting
user17535	physical_attribute	blonde
user17536	like_music	muggers
user17536	like_activity	surfing
user17536	marital_status	single
user17536	have	bizarre dreams
user17537	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user17537	job_status	employed
user17537	like_general	littlest things
user17537	dislike	riding the bus
user17538	job_status	employed
user17538	have_chidren	2 children
user17538	marital_status	divorced
user17538	has_profession	bowler
user17538	have_family	grandmother
user17539	want_job	in the federal court
user17539	has_profession	judge
user17539	other	albert
user17539	previous_profession	lawyer
user17539	misc_attribute	fair
user17540	dislike	broccoli
user17540	favorite_music	rock
user17540	dislike	afraid of the dark
user17541	have_family	parents
user17541	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user17541	want	any car
user17541	attend_school	in a year
user17541	has_age	18
user17542	has_hobby	hiking
user17542	live_in_citystatecountry	las vegas
user17542	like_activity	fishing
user17542	other	dave
user17542	has_profession	personal trainer
user17543	has_profession	writer
user17543	have_family	10 niece
user17543	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user17543	marital_status	married
user17543	like_goto	museum
user17544	like_food	pickled eggs
user17544	like_activity	developing hairstyles
user17544	like_activity	doing nails
user17544	like_sports	volley ball
user17545	have_family	brother-in-law
user17545	has_profession	aquarium builder
user17546	like_music	rock
user17546	job_status	unemployed
user17546	like_activity	video games
user17546	other	diabetic
user17547	live_in_general	alone
user17547	has_profession	engineer
user17547	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user17547	like_activity	photography
user17548	other	carnivore
user17548	favorite_music_artist	creed
user17548	like_sports	running
user17548	have	welfare
user17549	have_pet	dog
user17549	like_watching	thomas the tank engine
user17549	like_read	books
user17550	has_hobby	sleeping and playing the guitar
user17550	marital_status	married
user17550	has_profession	factory worker
user17550	want_job	musician
user17550	job_status	employed
user17551	dislike	tomato
user17551	have	wheel chair
user17551	have_chidren	2 children
user17551	physical_attribute	short
user17551	gender	female
user17552	favorite	daisy
user17552	like_activity	singing
user17552	marital_status	dating
user17552	has_age	20
user17553	employed_by_general	deli
user17553	attend_school	university
user17553	favorite_music_artist	jimi hendrix
user17553	has_hobby	instrument
user17553	like_animal	fish
user17554	has_profession	public relations
user17554	other	buddhist
user17554	favorite_music_artist	bon over
user17554	place_origin	seattle
user17554	other	vegan
user17555	dislike	running
user17555	favorite_color	orange
user17555	like_watching	sport
user17555	have_chidren	child
user17555	have_pet	2 cat
user17556	live_in_general	park
user17556	not_have	child
user17556	not_have	car
user17556	has_hobby	listens
user17556	favorite_color	purple
user17557	like_activity	darts
user17557	like_activity	fixing
user17557	like_drink	beer
user17557	like_music	classic rock
user17557	employed_by_general	large company
user17558	misc_attribute	smart
user17558	favorite_food	steak
user17558	have	0 parents
user17558	dislike	sleeping
user17559	<blank>	smoking
user17559	like_activity	driving
user17559	have	10 piercings
user17559	favorite_food	italian
user17560	marital_status	single
user17560	has_hobby	cycling
user17560	has_profession	waiter
user17561	dislike	clowns
user17561	live_in_general	third floor apartment
user17561	have	2 roommates
user17561	like_activity	cooking
user17561	have_pet	2 dog
user17562	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17562	employed_by_general	club
user17562	has_hobby	drawing
user17562	like_drink	soda
user17563	like_music	rap
user17563	has_ability	play instrument
user17563	like_music	drake
user17563	like_goto	restaurant
user17563	like_activity	cooking
user17564	has_profession	teacher
user17564	teach	japanese and drawing
user17564	has_age	35
user17564	misc_attribute	accent
user17565	other	allergies
user17565	have_family	mother
user17565	like_general	line drying clothing
user17565	want	ferret
user17566	like_goto	beach
user17566	marital_status	married
user17566	job_status	employed
user17566	like_general	blue
user17567	like_food	food with no animal product
user17567	favorite_food	0 vegetables
user17567	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17567	has_hobby	volunteering at an urban farm
user17567	other	help with bookeeping
user17568	favorite_color	red
user17568	want_do	travel
user17568	like_general	place
user17568	have_pet	2 dog
user17568	other	wild child
user17569	misc_attribute	confused
user17569	favorite	iphone
user17569	dislike	traveling
user17569	like_activity	hiking
user17569	has_profession	banker
user17570	have	10 piercings
user17570	like_activity	driving
user17570	favorite_food	italian
user17570	<blank>	smoking
user17570	misc_attribute	friendly
user17571	live_in_general	house
user17571	has_age	10
user17571	have	friends
user17571	like_animal	dogs and cats
user17572	like_music	any
user17572	employed_by_general	retailer
user17572	like_music	madonna
user17573	own	music store
user17573	want_do	retire to florida
user17573	has_hobby	musician
user17573	other	like to help animals
user17574	want_do	travel
user17574	has_profession	yoga instruction
user17574	like_watching	western
user17575	school_status	student
user17575	employed_by_general	hospital
user17575	has_age	20
user17575	has_hobby	1 reading
user17575	like_food	pasta
user17576	job_status	employed
user17576	dislike	asparagus
user17576	like_food	blue jello
user17576	physical_attribute	long red hair
user17577	has_profession	trainer
user17577	dislike	sleeping in
user17577	want	know
user17577	has_hobby	writing
user17578	want_job	explorer
user17578	has_profession	athlete
user17578	like_goto	india
user17578	dislike	job
user17579	misc_attribute	afraid of snakes
user17579	like_general	red
user17579	like_activity	hiking
user17580	favorite_hobby	dancing
user17580	have_vehicle	lexus
user17580	have_pet	dog
user17580	dislike	math
user17581	other	vegetarian
user17581	has_profession	veterinarian
user17581	marital_status	married
user17581	place_origin	spain
user17581	favorite_music	hip hop
user17582	other	vegan
user17582	like_activity	skateboarding
user17582	like_music	guitar
user17582	like_music	<blank>
user17582	like_activity	cycling
user17583	like_activity	hiking
user17583	like_food	burrito
user17583	have_family	mother
user17583	like_general	being a guy
user17584	like_sports	soccer
user17584	like_activity	working out
user17584	like_general	posting pics on instagram
user17584	misc_attribute	healthy
user17585	has_profession	teacher
user17585	like_activity	singing
user17585	like_activity	video games
user17585	live_in_citystatecountry	big city
user17585	like_movie	magic mike
user17586	like_activity	driving
user17586	employed_by_company	a bookstore
user17586	other	did not know my dad
user17586	have	3 tattoos
user17587	have_pet	cat
user17587	have	1 blue eye
user17587	has_ability	speak language
user17588	school_status	student
user17588	has_hobby	1 reading
user17588	employed_by_general	hospital
user17588	like_food	pasta
user17588	has_age	20
user17589	physical_attribute	curly
user17589	like_general	crystals
user17589	favorite_food	onion
user17589	like_activity	gardening
user17589	misc_attribute	independent
user17590	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user17590	<blank>	<blank>
user17590	have_pet	iguana
user17590	like_sports	football
user17590	favorite_movie	star wars
user17591	place_origin	kentucky
user17591	other	veteran
user17591	like_read	<blank>
user17591	has_hobby	gardening
user17592	have_vehicle	ford
user17592	own	guns
user17592	marital_status	3 married
user17592	dislike	holidays
user17593	have	girlfriend
user17593	employed_by_general	bookstore
user17593	live_in_general	city
user17594	like_goto	museum
user17594	employed_by_general	bookstore
user17594	want_job	author
user17594	like_drink	iced tea
user17595	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user17595	physical_attribute	blonde
user17595	physical_attribute	overweight
user17595	have_chidren	12 kids
user17595	has_age	53
user17596	employed_by_general	grocery store
user17596	employed_by_general	club
user17596	like_drink	soda
user17596	has_hobby	drawing
user17596	like_watching	scobby doo
user17597	like_drink	chai tea
user17597	have_pet	dog
user17597	dislike	spiders
user17597	own	black clothes
user17597	has_profession	computer technician
user17598	has_profession	writer
user17598	marital_status	engaged
user17598	like_activity	working out
user17598	favorite_music	metal
user17599	want_do	exercise
user17599	has_profession	<blank>
user17599	like_activity	watching sunsets
user17599	like_watching	sun rise
user17600	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user17600	attend_school	in a year
user17600	want	any car
user17600	have_family	parents
user17601	has_ability	6 100 meter dash
user17601	like_activity	whittling
user17601	like_activity	chasing cheetahs
user17601	favorite_movie	good burger
user17602	teach	kindergarten
user17602	has_profession	teacher
user17602	school_status	2016 graduated
user17602	has_hobby	kayaking
user17603	like_food	all
user17603	want	weather
user17603	school_status	graduated
user17603	place_origin	outside the us
user17603	have_family	big family
user17604	have	0 traveled.
user17604	employed_by_general	dog walker
user17604	like_food	ice cream
user17604	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user17605	misc_attribute	helpful
user17605	has_ability	play instrument
user17605	have_sibling	twin brother
user17605	want_do	skydiving
user17606	want	to adopt a dog
user17606	has_hobby	play
user17606	like_food	indian cuisine
user17606	has_ability	play instrument
user17607	like_activity	hunting
user17607	like_general	katy perry
user17607	have	a few friends
user17607	has_profession	baker
user17607	like_activity	sewing
user17608	like_sports	soccer
user17608	employed_by_company	nike
user17608	place_origin	<blank>
user17608	have_sibling	3 brother
user17609	has_hobby	drawing
user17609	want_do	dieting
user17609	have	braces
user17609	misc_attribute	talkative
user17610	other	vegan
user17610	favorite	rose
user17610	has_profession	barista
user17610	favorite_color	orange
user17611	like_food	brunch
user17611	not_have	pet
user17611	have_vehicle	car
user17611	have	car
user17612	has_ability	4 speak language
user17612	have_chidren	son
user17612	has_ability	impersonations
user17612	other	award winning 4h member
user17613	like_food	chocolate
user17613	want_do	have kids
user17613	dislike	singing
user17613	place_origin	georgia
user17613	has_ability	play instrument
user17614	own	iphone 7
user17614	like_drink	chocolate
user17614	have	allergy
user17615	like_activity	fishing
user17615	has_hobby	watching television
user17615	has_profession	mechanic
user17615	live_in_general	alone
user17616	like_general	taking her to the park
user17616	live_in_general	apartment
user17616	have_chidren	daughter
user17616	has_age	25
user17617	marital_status	married
user17617	attend_school	stanford
user17617	favorite	theory henry
user17617	has_profession	athlete
user17618	like_activity	running
user17618	like_drink	coke
user17618	like_food	bagels
user17618	like_activity	baking
user17618	like_animal	dog
user17619	like_general	sunshine
user17619	misc_attribute	confused
user17619	has_hobby	driving
user17619	like_animal	dragon
user17619	have_family	grandchild
user17620	has_hobby	fishing
user17620	like_food	pancakes
user17620	own	large ax
user17620	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user17621	like_food	vegetables
user17621	favorite_food	carrots
user17621	has_age	71
user17621	like_activity	gardening
user17622	like_activity	reading
user17622	favorite_place	jamaica
user17622	live_in_citystatecountry	medium sized city
user17622	has_degree	creative writing
user17622	have_sibling	3 sister
user17623	have_vehicle	ford
user17623	has_profession	police
user17623	dislike	holidays
user17623	marital_status	3 married
user17623	own	guns
user17624	has_hobby	goalie
user17624	misc_attribute	team player
user17624	favorite	nike cleats
user17624	other	42 number is
user17624	has_hobby	soccer
user17625	dislike	sweet potatoes
user17625	has_profession	athlete
user17625	has_ability	run marathons
user17625	have_pet	3 dog
user17625	like_music	all american rejecs
user17626	favorite_food	pizza
user17626	like_music	dream theater
user17626	like_general	being myself
user17626	like_activity	reading
user17627	like_activity	reading
user17627	have	0 dates
user17627	other	wrote a book
user17627	have_pet	2 dog
user17628	like_food	sushi
user17628	attend_school	graduate school
user17628	school_status	student
user17628	has_hobby	cooking
user17629	favorite_activity	float the river
user17629	like_food	ice cream
user17629	favorite_activity	fishing
user17629	has_ability	running
user17630	want_do	traveling
user17630	dislike	country
user17630	like_general	time with friends
user17630	like_read	books
user17630	dislike	hot weather
user17631	like_general	forest
user17631	misc_attribute	1 addiction
user17631	dislike	people getting too close
user17631	dislike	questions
user17632	has_hobby	travel
user17632	like_activity	reenactment
user17632	has_ability	6 tv news
user17632	has_ability	film making
user17633	like_general	skeleton
user17633	other	am dumpy
user17633	have	long fingers
user17633	physical_attribute	long legs
user17633	dislike	shrimp
user17634	job_status	seeking employment
user17634	has_hobby	running
user17634	want_do	own a restaurant
user17634	has_profession	cook
user17635	has_profession	aquarium builder
user17635	have_family	brother-in-law
user17635	have_sibling	6 brother
user17636	has_profession	farmer
user17636	school_status	graduated
user17636	have_family	sibling
user17636	like_activity	hiking
user17637	like_activity	reenactment
user17637	has_hobby	travel
user17637	has_ability	6 tv news
user17637	has_ability	film making
user17638	favorite_show	face off
user17638	like_activity	running
user17638	have_chidren	children
user17638	like_activity	cooking
user17638	misc_attribute	organized
user17639	like_animal	cat
user17639	physical_attribute	overweight
user17639	have_family	husband
user17639	has_profession	baker
user17639	has_hobby	video games
user17640	like_food	lasagna
user17640	want_job	astronaut
user17640	have_pet	2 dog
user17640	favorite	penn and teller
user17640	have_vehicle	car
user17641	favorite	sleep
user17641	own	sneakers
user17641	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user17641	like_general	ergonomic keyboards
user17641	like_music	rap
user17642	has_hobby	singing
user17642	have_family	grandmother
user17642	have	brown belt
user17643	favorite_activity	reading
user17643	have_vehicle	chevrolet
user17643	like_food	spaghetti
user17643	employed_by_company	at a power plant
user17644	have	single bed
user17644	have_vehicle	van
user17644	like_general	rain
user17644	like_general	winter
user17645	like_activity	pottery
user17645	like_activity	refurbishing
user17645	misc_attribute	unstable
user17645	other	recovering alcoholic
user17646	physical_attribute	pregnant
user17646	have_chidren	3 children
user17646	have_chidren	twins
user17646	has_age	21
user17646	physical_attribute	sick
user17647	gender	female
user17647	like_activity	dancing
user17647	like_activity	shopping
user17647	want_do	go to europe
user17648	has_profession	author
user17648	<blank>	<blank>
user17648	like_food	green tea
user17648	like_activity	writing
user17648	like_watching	mystery
user17649	have_chidren	2 son
user17649	has_hobby	camping
user17649	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user17649	like_activity	horseback riding
user17650	attend_school	in a year
user17650	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user17650	have_family	parents
user17650	has_age	18
user17651	has_hobby	cooking
user17651	like_activity	running
user17651	physical_attribute	blonde
user17651	like_general	blue
user17652	like_activity	shopping
user17652	have	2 tattoos
user17652	favorite_hobby	knitting
user17652	employed_by_general	office
user17653	have_family	0 husband
user17653	have_chidren	2 daughter
user17653	want_job	writer
user17653	teach	english literature
user17654	dislike	school life
user17654	have	friend
user17654	other	am worried about money
user17654	want_do	move out
user17655	employed_by_general	a clothes reatiler
user17655	have_chidren	1 child
user17655	like_activity	gardening
user17655	favorite_drink	red wine
user17655	have_pet	2 dog
user17656	like_general	blue
user17656	has_hobby	cooking
user17656	physical_attribute	blonde
user17656	like_activity	running
user17657	has_profession	veterinarian
user17657	have_family	2 nephew
user17657	place_origin	farm
user17658	favorite_book	the bible
user17658	marital_status	married
user17658	has_hobby	traveling
user17658	gender	male
user17658	misc_attribute	1 religious
user17659	live_in_general	studio apartment
user17659	has_profession	paramedic
user17659	favorite_music_artist	the beatles
user17659	want_job	nurse
user17659	have_family	3 sister
user17660	marital_status	married
user17660	have_pet	cat
user17660	misc_attribute	0 anxious
user17660	dislike	writing
user17661	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user17661	have_vehicle	prius
user17661	like_activity	dance
user17661	like_general	red
user17662	like_activity	reading
user17662	has_ability	read
user17662	has_ability	read foreign language
user17662	like_activity	reading
user17662	school_status	dropped out
user17663	has_profession	baker
user17663	favorite_show	silicon valley
user17663	has_hobby	tennis
user17663	have_sibling	2 sister
user17664	has_hobby	building furniture
user17664	job_status	employed
user17664	other	hostage (add an "experience" category please)
user17665	dislike	reading
user17665	has_ability	play instrument
user17665	dislike	pants
user17666	like_animal	dog
user17666	like_activity	cooking
user17666	<blank>	<blank>
user17666	misc_attribute	happy
user17667	own	phone
user17667	like_activity	travel
user17667	have_family	parents
user17667	like_general	headsets
user17667	like_general	red
user17668	have_sibling	4 sibling
user17668	physical_attribute	short
user17669	place_origin	san francisco
user17669	like_animal	dog
user17669	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user17669	have_sibling	1 sister
user17669	like_activity	travel
user17670	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user17670	misc_attribute	friendly
user17670	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user17670	want_job	teacher
user17670	has_hobby	kayaking
user17671	has_age	77
user17671	like_animal	animals
user17671	previous_profession	programmer
user17671	have	2 grandchildren
user17671	like_watching	british
user17672	own	wear glasses
user17672	job_status	retired
user17672	has_hobby	working out
user17672	physical_attribute	attractive
user17672	other	8 grandchildren
user17673	own	blue shoes
user17673	like_general	the color blue
user17673	like_music	elvis
user17673	have_vehicle	car
user17673	physical_attribute	blue hair
user17674	like_activity	cooking
user17674	like_activity	walking
user17674	have_pet	lizard
user17675	have_chidren	children
user17675	like_sports	basketball
user17675	marital_status	not married
user17675	has_hobby	hunting
user17675	like_activity	singing
user17676	favorite_animal	koala
user17676	job_status	employed
user17676	other	lives with a roommate
user17676	dislike	beer
user17677	favorite	theory henry
user17677	attend_school	stanford
user17677	has_profession	athlete
user17677	marital_status	married
user17678	not_have	pet
user17678	like_food	brunch
user17678	has_profession	scout
user17678	have_vehicle	car
user17679	like_activity	building computers
user17679	attend_school	university
user17679	employed_by_general	army
user17679	like_general	tool
user17680	like_food	meat
user17680	misc_attribute	above average
user17680	like_general	desert
user17680	has_degree	0 college
user17681	have_family	mother
user17681	marital_status	single
user17681	like_music	rap
user17681	like_activity	fishing
user17682	has_hobby	kayaking
user17682	has_profession	teacher
user17682	school_status	2016 graduated
user17683	employed_by_general	hospital
user17683	live_in_citystatecountry	michigan
user17683	physical_attribute	pink hair
user17683	have_sibling	sibling
user17684	marital_status	single
user17684	job_status	employed
user17684	dislike	coworker
user17684	other	am no longer going the extra mile
user17684	want	"boyfriend didnt want open relationship"
user17685	like_activity	hunting
user17685	like_sports	archery
user17685	like_general	remodelling homes
user17685	like_activity	shopping
user17686	like_animal	butterfly
user17686	like_animal	cat
user17686	like_watching	anime
user17686	like_general	my little pony
user17686	like_activity	being weird
user17687	physical_attribute	brunette
user17687	like_food	healthy
user17687	like_activity	sleeping in
user17687	marital_status	single
user17688	like_activity	gardening
user17688	like_food	vegetables
user17688	favorite_food	carrots
user17689	like_activity	shopping
user17689	employed_by_general	office
user17689	have	2 tattoos
user17689	have_pet	cat
user17690	want_do	propose
user17690	has_degree	graduate
user17690	has_profession	coach
user17691	has_profession	reality tv star
user17691	like_music	country
user17691	previous_profession	clown
user17691	like_sports	surfing
user17692	like_activity	football
user17692	gender	male
user17692	physical_attribute	beard
user17692	like_sports	cycling
user17693	like_activity	walking
user17693	place_origin	mexico
user17693	previous_profession	chef
user17693	like_activity	baking
user17693	have_pet	2 cat
user17694	like_general	car
user17694	favorite_color	green
user17694	job_status	employed
user17694	like_activity	travel
user17694	like_animal	cat
user17695	physical_attribute	blonde
user17695	like_activity	ballet
user17695	like_activity	video games
user17696	has_profession	salesman
user17696	like_food	beets
user17696	favorite_show	battlestar galactica
user17696	live_in_general	farm
user17697	has_profession	waitress
user17697	has_hobby	reading
user17697	like_sports	soccer
user17697	favorite_movie	disney movies
user17697	have_family	parents
user17698	like_sports	football
user17698	like_activity	reading
user17699	like_general	natural world beauty
user17699	like_activity	hiking
user17699	like_animal	all animals
user17699	like_read	fantasy
user17700	like_movie	gone with the wind
user17700	physical_attribute	purple hair
user17700	like_general	red
user17700	have_pet	2 reptile
user17700	<blank>	<blank>
user17701	has_hobby	baseball
user17701	like_sports	baseball
user17701	favorite	mike trout
user17701	has_hobby	baseball
user17702	have_family	mother
user17702	physical_attribute	long hair
user17702	like_activity	video games
user17702	dislike	1 cooking
user17703	marital_status	in a relationship
user17703	has_hobby	hiking
user17703	has_hobby	biking
user17703	favorite	pancakes
user17704	physical_attribute	not a blond
user17704	like_general	food trucks
user17704	own	car
user17704	misc_attribute	quick
user17705	have	photo
user17705	have_sibling	sister
user17705	own	5 pairs of same pants
user17706	has_profession	banker
user17706	favorite	iphone
user17706	like_activity	hiking
user17706	misc_attribute	confused
user17707	like_activity	painting
user17707	has_ability	singing
user17707	want_job	writer
user17707	has_profession	actor
user17708	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user17708	has_profession	meeting coordinator
user17708	like_activity	driving
user17708	live_in_citystatecountry	0 seattle
user17708	have_family	children
user17709	like_sports	running
user17709	job_status	employed
user17709	favorite_color	green
user17709	has_hobby	video games
user17709	like_goto	park
user17710	favorite_animal	dolphins
user17710	like_general	lets plays
user17711	previous_profession	veteran
user17711	marital_status	20 married
user17711	job_status	volunteer
user17711	like_activity	traveling
user17711	favorite_sport	football
user17712	has_hobby	teapots
user17712	marital_status	divorced
user17712	like_animal	cat
user17712	employed_by_general	bank
user17713	has_profession	writer
user17713	want_job	actress
user17713	employed_by_general	arena
user17713	favorite_animal	zebra
user17714	have	laptop
user17714	like_activity	writing
user17714	attend_school	college
user17714	own	glasses
user17715	like_general	being outside
user17715	like_general	pink
user17715	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user17715	like_food	pasta
user17715	like_activity	swimming
user17716	have	many girlfriends
user17716	like_food	beef
user17716	has_hobby	horseback riding
user17716	like_general	boots
user17717	other	premature
user17717	physical_attribute	broken  leg
user17717	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user17717	have_sibling	1 sister
user17718	has_profession	engineer
user17718	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user17718	like_activity	photography
user17718	live_in_general	alone
user17718	like_activity	hiking
user17719	marital_status	single
user17719	favorite_place	mall
user17719	have_pet	dog
user17719	like_sports	tennis
user17720	has_profession	artist
user17720	have_family	parents
user17720	have	a house
user17720	have_chidren	2 son
user17721	marital_status	widow
user17721	want_do	photography
user17721	want_job	photographer
user17721	like_music	adam levine
user17722	physical_attribute	hair is black and curly
user17722	has_profession	accountant
user17722	have_pet	dog
user17722	misc_attribute	colorful
user17723	previous_profession	farmer
user17723	previous_profession	farmer
user17723	like_watching	reality tv
user17723	want_do	move
user17724	physical_attribute	curly hair
user17724	like_activity	drawing
user17724	misc_attribute	vain
user17725	attend_school	university
user17725	like_read	fantasy
user17725	has_ability	sorting books
user17725	want_job	journalist
user17726	employed_by_company	mcdonald
user17726	like_sports	football
user17726	favorite_movie	star wars
user17726	<blank>	<blank>
user17726	have_pet	iguana
user17727	<blank>	<blank>
user17727	has_ability	composting
user17727	has_hobby	soap making
user17727	favorite_food	fruit
user17727	own	greenhouse
user17728	live_in_general	alone
user17728	like_activity	photography
user17728	has_profession	engineer
user17728	like_activity	hiking
user17728	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user17729	like_food	meat
user17729	like_goto	festivals
user17729	like_music	the story so far
user17730	has_age	10
user17730	like_sports	water ski
user17730	other	arnold
user17730	like_food	ham and cheese sandwiches
user17730	favorite_drink	orange juice
user17731	have	seashells
user17731	like_general	horses
user17731	have_chidren	1 son
user17731	has_profession	yoga instruction
user17731	have_pet	2 dog
user17732	has_profession	teacher
user17732	like_activity	fashion
user17732	like_general	recycling
user17732	like_goto	thrift shops
user17732	like_activity	sewing
user17733	like_activity	hiking
user17733	has_profession	engineer
user17733	like_activity	photography
user17733	live_in_general	alone
user17733	live_in_citystatecountry	portland
user17734	has_hobby	gambling
user17734	misc_attribute	believe in vampires
user17734	like_food	shrimp
user17735	own	car
user17735	physical_attribute	not a blond
user17735	like_general	food trucks
user17735	misc_attribute	quick
user17735	have_sibling	brother
user17736	have	braces
user17736	misc_attribute	talkative
user17736	want_do	dieting
user17736	has_hobby	drawing
user17737	like_activity	dressing up
user17737	want_do	procedures
user17737	like_general	her
user17737	want	happy
user17738	want_do	photography
user17738	like_general	social media
user17738	place_origin	austin
user17738	like_activity	cooking
user17738	misc_attribute	sensitive
user17739	favorite_color	black
user17739	own	iphone
user17739	favorite_show	rick and morty
user17739	dislike	pickle
user17740	like_food	pasta
user17740	like_general	pink
user17740	favorite_music_artist	britney spears
user17740	like_general	being outside
user17741	has_hobby	band
user17741	misc_attribute	sociable
user17741	want_job	director
user17741	has_ability	play instrument
user17742	physical_attribute	brunette
user17742	dislike	red meat
user17742	live_in_general	near the ocean
user17742	like_sports	surfing
user17743	has_hobby	baseball
user17743	like_watching	south park
user17743	job_status	employed
user17744	employed_by_company	grocery store
user17744	like_activity	swimming
user17744	have	garden
user17744	like_activity	baking
user17744	has_hobby	sewing
user17745	want_do	open a business
user17745	like_animal	panda
user17745	like_sports	surfing
user17745	other	vegetarian
user17746	has_hobby	gardening
user17746	own	2 laptops
user17746	like_watching	anime
user17747	like_activity	cooking
user17747	have_pet	cat
user17747	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user17747	previous_profession	nurse
user17748	has_hobby	hiking
user17748	has_hobby	writing
user17748	have	terrible singing voice
user17748	has_profession	cook
user17748	like_general	grateful dead
user17749	have_chidren	2 son
user17749	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user17749	like_activity	horseback riding
user17749	has_hobby	camping
user17750	has_ability	upcycle thrift shop finds into new items
user17750	like_activity	fashion
user17750	like_goto	thrift shops
user17750	has_profession	teacher
user17750	like_activity	sewing
user17751	has_hobby	football
user17751	like_general	politics
user17751	marital_status	married
user17751	employed_by_general	candy store
user17752	favorite	bob ross
user17752	has_profession	accountant
user17752	other	vegan
user17752	has_hobby	hiking
user17753	like_activity	baking
user17753	like_drink	coke
user17753	like_food	bagels
user17753	like_activity	running
user17754	has_hobby	running
user17754	favorite_place	american eagle
user17754	favorite	chevy duramax
user17754	dislike	vegetables
user17754	like_activity	spending time with family
user17755	other	vegan
user17755	has_hobby	yoga
user17755	has_ability	meditate
user17755	has_profession	marketing
user17755	have	an online business
user17756	has_profession	musician
user17756	has_ability	play instrument
user17756	have_pet	koi
user17756	favorite_music_artist	imagine dragons
user17756	has_hobby	gardening
user17757	attend_school	university
user17757	like_food	large meals
user17757	has_hobby	exercise
user17757	like_sports	swimming
user17758	job_status	employed
user17758	marital_status	single
user17758	have_pet	2 dog
user17758	has_age	30
user17759	like_food	pancakes
user17759	employed_by_general	lumberjack
user17759	own	large ax
user17759	has_hobby	fishing
user17759	like_general	lumberjacking
user17760	like_goto	farmers market
user17760	live_in_citystatecountry	nashville
user17760	employed_by_general	university
user17760	has_ability	play instrument
user17760	misc_attribute	environmentalist
user17761	want	live in iceland
user17761	want	to be able to write in cursive
user17761	want	something interesting
user17761	like_general	cold winters
user17761	like_music	strange music
user17762	misc_attribute	confused
user17762	has_hobby	driving
user17762	like_general	sunshine
user17762	have_family	grandchild
user17763	have_chidren	3 children
user17763	like_drink	soda
user17763	marital_status	married
user17763	like_music	the rolling stones
user17764	has_hobby	gambling
user17764	previous_profession	telemarketer
user17764	like_activity	playing the lottery
user17764	dislike	punching clocks
user17765	like_activity	running
user17765	physical_attribute	tall
user17765	physical_attribute	asthma
user17765	like_sports	hockey
user17765	like_activity	dance
user17766	has_hobby	singing
user17766	physical_attribute	allergic to apples
user17766	teach	6 teaching
user17766	like_activity	crocheting
user17766	has_hobby	volley ball
user17767	like_food	egg
user17767	has_ability	drive truck
user17767	place_origin	kansas
user17767	like_animal	chicken
user17767	employed_by_general	<blank>
user17768	favorite_music_artist	nickelback
user17768	has_ability	not swimming (there needs to be a negation button)
user17768	job_status	employed
user17768	other	vegetarian
user17768	other	catholic
user17769	has_profession	graphic designer
user17769	marital_status	single
user17769	like_activity	painting
user17769	favorite_season	spring
user17769	like_activity	walks on the beach
user17770	like_goto	casino
user17770	like_activity	traveling
user17770	employed_by_general	brewery
user17770	marital_status	married
user17770	like_drink	32 beer
user17771	misc_attribute	funny
user17771	have	bakery
user17771	have_chidren	1 son
user17772	misc_attribute	intelligent
user17772	own	wear contacts
user17772	like_general	place
user17772	like_drink	whiskey
user17772	has_profession	janitor
user17773	favorite	hero
user17773	like_animal	butterfly
user17773	dislike	dresses
user17773	physical_attribute	type 1 handed
user17774	like_food	strawberry
user17774	employed_by_general	veterinary office
user17774	like_food	food with no animal product
user17774	have_pet	2 cat
user17775	school_status	student
user17775	has_profession	coffee shop
user17775	have_pet	cat
user17775	like_activity	singing
user17776	has_profession	wedding planner
user17776	favorite_color	yellow
user17776	like_general	ghost
user17776	want_job	architect
user17777	attend_school	college
user17777	like_activity	writing
user17777	have	laptop
user17777	has_hobby	ride bike
user17777	own	glasses
user17778	have_family	only child
user17778	like_food	spicy
user17778	live_in_general	europe and mexico
user17778	like_sports	swimming
user17779	have_vehicle	car
user17779	favorite	california love
user17779	have_vehicle	car
user17779	like_music	rap
user17780	misc_attribute	lazy
user17780	dislike	homework
user17780	misc_attribute	romantic
user17780	other	bad luck with relationships
user17780	job_status	employed
user17781	school_status	student
user17781	favorite	rose
user17781	live_in_general	a small apartment in new york
user17781	have_pet	cat
user17781	has_age	21
user17782	have	friends
user17782	want	love
user17782	has_profession	retailer
user17782	have_sibling	8 children
user17783	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user17783	misc_attribute	focused
user17783	live_in_general	condo
user17783	favorite_food	steak
user17784	other	hindu
user17784	marital_status	divorced
user17784	attend_school	graduate school
user17785	place_origin	london
user17785	job_status	employed
user17785	live_in_citystatecountry	austria
user17785	live_in_general	my boyfriend
user17785	like_activity	painting
user17786	other	allergic to shellfish
user17786	like_sports	equestrian
user17786	like_activity	dancing
user17786	employed_by_general	"childrens charity"
user17787	like_activity	survivalism
user17787	dislike	working
user17787	other	free spirit
user17787	like_general	family and fun
user17788	favorite_color	purple
user17788	has_degree	masters
user17788	favorite_music_artist	kid rock
user17788	has_hobby	swimming
user17788	gender	female
user17789	own	hair
user17789	want	i could live in a fantasy world
user17789	like_animal	lizard
user17789	school_status	student
user17790	live_in_general	far from home
user17790	has_ability	computer repair
user17790	physical_attribute	red hair
user17790	like_food	meat
user17791	live_in_general	a cold location
user17791	have	beard
user17791	other	viking
user17791	like_activity	fishing
user17792	favorite_color	purple
user17792	has_ability	drive
user17792	job_status	seeking employment
user17792	dislike	science
user17793	place_origin	colorado
user17793	like_music	one direction
user17793	like_activity	hiking
user17793	like_general	the weather
user17794	place_origin	church
user17794	have_chidren	child
user17794	has_profession	teacher
user17795	have_family	only child
user17795	like_general	barbie
user17795	gender	female
user17795	favorite_music	barbie girl
user17795	other	nancy
user17796	live_in_general	far from home
user17796	like_food	meat
user17796	physical_attribute	red hair
user17796	has_ability	computer repair
user17797	job_status	employed
user17797	favorite_animal	koala
user17797	other	lives with a roommate
user17797	dislike	beer
user17798	favorite_place	florida
user17798	has_hobby	singing
user17798	favorite_color	yellow
user17798	like_activity	skiing
user17799	attend_school	university
user17799	member_of	sports team
user17799	live_in_general	mansion
user17799	has_profession	basketball player
user17800	attend_school	university
user17800	own	motorcycle
user17800	attend_school	high school
user17800	other	no accent
user17801	have_vehicle	ford
user17801	has_profession	police
user17801	dislike	holidays
user17801	own	guns
user17801	marital_status	3 married
user17802	like_music	charlie daniels
user17802	place_origin	tennessee
user17802	marital_status	married
user17802	has_hobby	fishing
user17803	misc_attribute	friendly
user17803	has_hobby	kayaking
user17803	want_job	teacher
user17803	other	was a navy brat and have attended 16 schools in 12 years
user17803	physical_attribute	nailbiter
user17804	like_activity	hiking
user17804	has_profession	banker
user17804	dislike	traveling
user17804	misc_attribute	confused
user17805	like_activity	dance
user17805	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user17805	have_vehicle	prius
user17805	like_general	red
user17806	has_hobby	cooking
user17806	have	obsession with dog
user17806	school_status	graduate student
user17806	like_goto	beach
user17806	other	am the best aunt
user17807	other	hippie
user17807	have_vehicle	van
user17807	like_activity	recycling
user17807	have	2 tattoos
user17808	marital_status	single
user17808	misc_attribute	not
user17808	like_goto	library
user17808	want	monogomy
user17808	job_status	employed
user17809	have	medical bills
user17809	physical_attribute	slow
user17809	like_goto	hospital
user17809	other	0 chewing food
user17810	like_movie	aliens invading the earth
user17810	favorite_hobby	chess
user17810	has_hobby	fencing
user17810	like_drink	4 mountain dew
user17811	place_origin	new york
user17811	like_sports	football
user17811	school_status	student
user17811	school_status	student
user17811	want_job	teacher
user17812	has_ability	digital art
user17812	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user17812	favorite_hobby	reading
user17812	favorite_book	stephen king
user17813	physical_attribute	short
user17813	have	problems
user17813	like_food	takeout
user17813	physical_attribute	glasses
user17813	like_animal	animals
user17814	dislike	kissing
user17814	misc_attribute	organized
user17814	like_watching	talk show
user17814	misc_attribute	above average
user17815	has_hobby	boat making
user17815	have_pet	dog
user17815	live_in_general	island
user17815	has_ability	cannibal
user17816	like_activity	cooking
user17816	has_ability	play instrument
user17816	has_ability	play instrument
user17816	like_activity	travel
user17817	job_status	employed
user17817	have_vehicle	car
user17818	have_pet	dog
user17818	like_activity	working out
user17818	like_music	country
user17818	like_activity	bathing
user17819	have_pet	cat
user17819	has_profession	artist
user17819	like_activity	walking
user17819	have_chidren	4 children
user17820	want	faster computer
user17820	dislike	summer
user17820	like_activity	standing in the rain
user17821	misc_attribute	above average
user17821	like_food	meat
user17821	like_general	desert
user17821	has_degree	0 college
user17822	favorite_drink	pepsi
user17822	has_profession	librarian
user17822	like_food	hot dog
user17822	has_hobby	bird watching
user17823	physical_attribute	dumpy
user17823	like_general	skeleton
user17823	physical_attribute	long legs
user17823	have	long fingers
user17824	misc_attribute	popular
user17824	school_status	student
user17825	has_age	adult
user17825	has_hobby	driving
user17825	member_of	hobby club
user17825	misc_attribute	never lost a fight
user17825	have	10 tattoos
user17826	misc_attribute	independent
user17826	physical_attribute	curly
user17826	like_activity	gardening
user17826	favorite_food	onion
user17826	like_general	crystals
user17827	attend_school	stanford
user17827	has_profession	athlete
user17827	marital_status	married
user17828	like_music	chainsmokers
user17828	has_profession	lifeguard
user17828	like_activity	travel
user17829	has_ability	ride
user17829	own	glasses
user17829	have	laptop
user17829	like_activity	writing
user17830	like_animal	dog
user17830	like_activity	travel
user17830	have_sibling	1 sister
user17830	employed_by_general	pharmaceutical
user17830	place_origin	san francisco
user17831	has_hobby	boating
user17831	has_profession	doctor
user17831	employed_by_general	hospital
user17831	live_in_general	large home
user17832	attend_school	university
user17832	misc_attribute	social
user17832	like_sports	football
user17832	has_hobby	exercise
user17833	has_hobby	volunteer
user17833	has_profession	9 to 5
user17833	want_job	baker
user17834	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user17834	like_activity	cooking
user17834	previous_profession	nurse
user17835	like_general	things
user17835	like_music	jazz
user17835	misc_attribute	romantic
user17835	like_general	dolls
user17835	like_general	antiques
user17836	has_hobby	travel
user17836	has_ability	6 tv news
user17836	like_activity	reenactment
user17836	has_ability	film making
user17837	school_status	dropped out
user17837	live_in_citystatecountry	los angeles
user17837	misc_attribute	romantic
user17837	misc_attribute	emotional
user17838	misc_attribute	savage
user17838	other	stuck in the past
user17838	has_ability	not technology
user17838	employed_by_company	discovery channel
user17839	like_activity	watching television
user17839	attend_school	university
user17839	live_in_general	a home
user17839	like_music	death metal
user17840	own	trophies
user17840	has_ability	swim fast
user17840	like_activity	singing
user17840	favorite_activity	cooking
user17840	like_activity	running
user17841	like_sports	football
user17841	misc_attribute	social
user17841	attend_school	university
user17841	has_hobby	exercise
user17841	misc_attribute	healthy
user17842	like_activity	cleaning
user17842	have_chidren	children
user17842	misc_attribute	tired
user17842	like_food	fast food
user17843	employed_by_general	bank
user17843	attend_school	university
user17843	place_origin	upstate
user17844	has_ability	play instrument
user17844	want_do	produce music
user17844	like_goto	library
user17844	school_status	student
user17844	have_sibling	2 brother
user17845	favorite_hobby	knitting
user17845	employed_by_general	office
user17845	like_activity	shopping
user17845	have	2 tattoos
user17846	like_food	beef
user17846	has_hobby	horseback riding
user17846	like_general	boots
user17847	misc_attribute	suspicious
user17847	misc_attribute	fabulous
user17847	misc_attribute	shallow
user17847	has_hobby	shopping
user17848	like_activity	hunting
user17848	like_general	blue
user17848	place_origin	deep south
user17849	like_general	spend time with family
user17849	like_sports	playing
user17849	has_degree	business
user17850	like_music	listen for more than 5 hours a day
user17850	dislike	riding the bus
user17850	like_general	littlest things
user17850	job_status	employed
user17851	has_profession	chef
user17851	<blank>	<blank>
user17851	like_activity	baking
user17851	like_activity	traveling
user17852	dislike	alcohol
user17852	misc_attribute	anxious
user17852	have	girlfriend
user17852	attend_school	alabama university
user17853	like_goto	nature
user17853	school_status	student
user17853	want	move to another country
user17853	like_music	electronic
user17854	has_age	18
user17854	like_activity	with friends
user17854	other	carnivore
user17854	like_goto	rock concerts
user17855	want	educated
user17855	employed_by_general	fast food
user17855	has_hobby	walking
user17855	have	something purple
user17856	like_activity	traveling
user17856	has_hobby	photography
user17856	<blank>	<blank>
user17856	like_activity	baking
user17857	like_food	french fries
user17857	have_vehicle	bicycle
user17857	employed_by_company	del taco
user17857	favorite_music_artist	up
user17858	dislike	0 taco
user17858	like_sports	swimming
user17858	physical_attribute	bald
user17858	job_status	unemployed
user17859	like_general	colors
user17859	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user17859	has_profession	mortician
user17859	favorite_movie	dirty harry
user17860	has_ability	make videos
user17860	has_profession	youtuber
user17860	have_vehicle	car
user17861	other	piercing
user17861	have	3 roomates
user17861	other	parents are teachers
user17861	employed_by_general	coffee shop
user17861	have_sibling	sister
user17862	employed_by_general	hospital
user17862	has_hobby	1 reading
user17862	school_status	student
user17862	like_food	pasta
user17863	favorite_food	spaghetti
user17863	like_music	one direction
user17863	want_job	athlete
user17864	have_pet	3 dog
user17864	like_sports	bicycling
user17864	like_general	religion
user17864	have	personal trainer
user17865	place_origin	georgia
user17865	has_ability	play instrument
user17865	like_food	chocolate
user17865	want_do	have kids
user17866	dislike	formal situations
user17866	have	over 4000 facebook friends
user17866	live_in_general	alone
user17866	like_activity	hiking
user17866	misc_attribute	stubborn
user17867	like_activity	0 thinking
user17867	have_sibling	sibling
user17867	like_general	computers
user17867	misc_attribute	nerd
user17868	has_hobby	tennis
user17868	has_profession	baker
user17868	favorite_show	silicon valley
user17869	previous_profession	selling miscellaneous stuff in local fairs
user17869	has_degree	graduate
user17869	has_profession	small business owner
user17869	job_status	0 seeking employment
user17869	other	am impressed
user17870	favorite_food	fried chicken
user17870	have_sibling	twin sister
user17870	has_profession	pilot
user17871	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user17871	have_family	parents
user17871	has_age	18
user17871	want	any car
user17872	like_food	fast food
user17872	have_chidren	children
user17872	has_hobby	watching movies
user17872	like_activity	cleaning
user17872	misc_attribute	tired
user17873	have_chidren	daughter
user17873	physical_attribute	under 6 feet tall
user17873	has_ability	cooking
user17873	has_profession	retailer
user17873	dislike	the taste of cheese
user17874	has_hobby	camping
user17874	have_chidren	2 son
user17874	favorite_music_artist	justin bieber
user17874	like_activity	horseback riding
user17875	have	phobia of wide open spaces
user17875	has_ability	perfect pitch
user17875	misc_attribute	intelligent
user17875	has_ability	cook
user17875	has_profession	writer
user17876	physical_attribute	red hair
user17876	employed_by_general	retailer
user17876	like_food	food with no animal product
user17876	like_goto	0 library
user17877	<blank>	<blank>
user17877	like_activity	walking
user17877	have_pet	reptile
user17877	like_activity	cooking
user17878	want_job	publishing
user17878	want	autographs from authors
user17878	other	used to wear glasses
user17878	favorite_color	green
user17879	favorite_movie	horror
user17879	have_chidren	children
user17879	previous_profession	10 human services field
user17879	have_chidren	son
user17880	has_hobby	reading
user17880	has_profession	stunt double
user17880	like_food	kosher
user17880	other	<blank>
user17881	has_hobby	volunteer
user17881	misc_attribute	social
user17881	has_hobby	volunteer
user17881	like_activity	working out
user17881	has_profession	athlete
user17882	have_pet	2 dog
user17882	like_activity	mechanics
user17882	favorite_music	country
user17882	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user17883	marital_status	married
user17883	like_music	the rolling stones
user17883	like_food	raw food
user17883	attend_school	university
user17883	own	house
user17884	like_goto	disneyland
user17884	like_activity	spending time
user17884	has_profession	nurse
user17884	has_hobby	walking
user17885	has_hobby	kayaking
user17885	has_profession	dog walker
user17885	like_read	psychology
user17885	school_status	graduate student
user17886	like_drink	tea
user17886	own	library
user17886	has_profession	tour guide
user17886	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user17887	want_job	work from home
user17887	have	dyed hair
user17887	dislike	blood
user17887	attend_school	university
user17888	physical_attribute	small
user17888	have	superpowers
user17888	like_activity	stopping time
user17888	live_in_general	cloud
user17889	misc_attribute	lazy
user17889	have_pet	reptile
user17889	like_general	play
user17889	has_age	4
user17890	like_animal	cat
user17890	own	gold medal
user17890	have	1000 hats
user17891	has_age	olc
user17891	dislike	holidays
user17891	misc_attribute	animal activist
user17891	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user17891	has_hobby	bird watching
user17892	has_hobby	volunteer
user17892	other	was poor growing up
user17892	like_watching	war
user17893	like_activity	spending time
user17893	favorite	way to relax
user17893	like_goto	disneyland
user17893	has_profession	nurse
user17893	has_hobby	walking
user17894	like_drink	wine
user17894	misc_attribute	strong
user17894	has_age	100
user17894	physical_attribute	immortal
user17895	like_goto	church
user17895	gender	female
user17895	employed_by_general	school
user17895	have_pet	dog
user17896	like_drink	wine
user17896	has_age	100
user17896	other	remember when people had no television
user17896	misc_attribute	strong
user17897	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user17897	like_activity	grilling
user17897	job_status	retired
user17897	like_activity	gambling
user17898	have_pet	reptile
user17898	like_general	play
user17898	misc_attribute	lazy
user17898	have	friend
user17899	have	friends
user17899	have_family	mother
user17899	employed_by_company	burger king
user17899	other	dont do drugs
user17900	has_hobby	swimming
user17900	want_job	programmer
user17900	favorite_music	death metal
user17901	has_profession	electrician
user17901	employed_by_general	farm
user17901	have_pet	1 cow
user17901	live_in_general	the country
user17901	like_music	country
user17902	misc_attribute	reclusive
user17902	other	famous twitch streamer
user17902	has_hobby	building a robot
user17902	previous_profession	game designer
user17902	other	allergy
user17903	like_activity	travel
user17903	like_goto	spain
user17903	has_profession	librarian
user17903	has_age	60
user17903	want_do	retire
user17904	has_profession	athlete
user17904	like_sports	gymnastics
user17904	favorite_color	yellow
user17904	like_food	italian cuisine
user17904	has_hobby	working out
user17905	place_origin	the industryy
user17905	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user17905	has_ability	play instrument
user17905	like_goto	park
user17906	like_goto	disney world
user17906	like_general	character
user17906	like_goto	playground
user17906	like_activity	singing
user17906	attend_school	3 elementary school
user17907	misc_attribute	fearful
user17907	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user17907	has_hobby	knitting
user17907	have_pet	dog
user17908	job_status	seeking employment
user17908	like_movie	friday
user17908	has_profession	doctor
user17909	like_activity	gambling
user17909	job_status	retired
user17909	like_activity	grilling
user17909	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user17910	school_status	graduate student
user17910	like_read	psychology
user17910	has_profession	dog walker
user17911	marital_status	engaged
user17911	like_goto	eat with friends
user17911	has_age	24
user17911	like_music	taylor swift
user17911	teach	kindergarten
user17912	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user17912	has_profession	stunt double
user17912	has_hobby	reading
user17912	other	<blank>
user17912	like_food	kosher
user17913	job_status	employed
user17913	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user17913	has_profession	construction worker
user17913	favorite_food	mexican food
user17913	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user17914	has_profession	recording engineer
user17914	has_age	46
user17914	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user17914	like_general	being indoors
user17915	like_sports	softball
user17915	has_profession	insurance
user17916	dislike	scorpions
user17916	employed_by_general	postal service
user17916	have_pet	dog
user17917	like_drink	liquor
user17917	dislike	pink
user17917	has_hobby	mountain biking
user17918	has_profession	janitor
user17918	has_ability	play instrument
user17918	like_music	folk
user17918	has_profession	musician
user17919	employed_by_general	army
user17919	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user17919	school_status	did not graduate
user17920	dislike	fashion
user17920	attend_school	chemistry
user17920	dislike	being a disappointment
user17920	has_ability	dance
user17921	physical_attribute	blonde
user17921	live_in_general	apartment
user17921	job_status	employed
user17921	dislike	chicken
user17922	favorite_movie	horror
user17922	have_chidren	son
user17922	previous_profession	10 human services field
user17923	dislike	blood
user17923	want_job	work from home
user17923	attend_school	university
user17923	have	dyed hair
user17923	like_activity	video games
user17924	job_status	employed
user17924	have	house in florida
user17924	gender	male
user17924	have_chidren	children
user17925	have_chidren	children
user17925	previous_profession	10 human services field
user17925	have_chidren	son
user17926	want_do	retire
user17926	like_activity	travel
user17926	like_goto	spain
user17926	has_profession	librarian
user17926	has_age	60
user17927	other	dont do drugs
user17927	have	friends
user17927	have_family	mother
user17927	employed_by_company	burger king
user17928	favorite_food	mexican food
user17928	has_profession	construction worker
user17928	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user17928	job_status	employed
user17929	favorite_color	orange
user17929	like_activity	hiking
user17929	have_pet	fish
user17929	marital_status	single
user17930	misc_attribute	reclusive
user17930	previous_profession	game designer
user17930	has_hobby	building a robot
user17930	other	allergy
user17930	other	famous twitch streamer
user17931	like_goto	church
user17931	employed_by_general	school
user17931	gender	female
user17931	have_pet	dog
user17932	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user17932	has_profession	recording engineer
user17932	like_general	being indoors
user17932	has_age	46
user17933	like_food	hamburgers
user17933	have	1 <blank>
user17933	live_in_general	house
user17933	like_drink	soda
user17934	dislike	job
user17934	misc_attribute	quiet
user17934	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user17934	like_activity	meditation
user17934	member_of	buddhism
user17935	has_profession	engineer
user17935	has_hobby	rock climbing
user17935	have_pet	1 dog
user17935	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user17935	like_activity	hiking
user17936	live_in_general	the country
user17936	have_pet	1 cow
user17936	like_music	country
user17936	employed_by_general	farm
user17937	have_chidren	5 son
user17937	has_hobby	baseball
user17937	like_drink	red wine
user17937	own	mini van
user17937	like_drink	coffee
user17938	dislike	scorpions
user17938	have_pet	dog
user17938	favorite_color	grey
user17939	marital_status	single
user17939	<blank>	<blank>
user17939	job_status	employed
user17939	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user17940	live_in_general	farm
user17940	have_pet	dog
user17940	like_watching	sport
user17940	like_watching	comedy
user17941	live_in_general	north
user17941	job_status	retired
user17941	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user17941	like_activity	grilling
user17941	like_activity	gambling
user17942	misc_attribute	feminist
user17942	other	only eat organic food
user17942	have	solar panels
user17942	like_general	internet browsing
user17942	like_general	social media
user17943	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user17943	has_ability	play instrument
user17943	place_origin	the industryy
user17943	has_profession	0 musician
user17944	has_hobby	volunteering
user17944	favorite_color	navy blue
user17944	misc_attribute	helpful
user17944	previous_profession	military
user17944	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user17945	has_hobby	volunteer
user17945	has_ability	play instrument
user17945	like_goto	the city
user17946	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user17946	misc_attribute	lonely
user17946	like_general	pobox
user17946	dislike	school
user17947	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user17947	has_hobby	driving
user17947	like_food	donuts
user17947	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user17947	has_hobby	video games
user17948	like_general	being indoors
user17948	has_profession	recording engineer
user17948	has_age	46
user17948	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user17949	has_profession	athlete
user17949	like_food	italian cuisine
user17949	favorite_color	yellow
user17949	like_sports	gymnastics
user17949	has_hobby	working out
user17950	have_sibling	1 brother
user17950	have_family	3 sister
user17950	like_animal	dog
user17950	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user17951	has_age	100
user17951	like_drink	wine
user17951	physical_attribute	immortal
user17951	misc_attribute	strong
user17952	favorite_music	country
user17952	own	nissan pathfinder
user17952	physical_attribute	brunette
user17952	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user17953	have_pet	dog
user17953	has_ability	dance
user17953	attend_school	chemistry
user17953	dislike	being a disappointment
user17953	dislike	fashion
user17954	have_pet	1 cow
user17954	like_music	country
user17954	live_in_general	the country
user17954	employed_by_general	farm
user17955	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user17955	marital_status	doctor
user17955	live_in_general	house
user17956	has_ability	dance
user17956	dislike	being a disappointment
user17956	attend_school	chemistry
user17956	dislike	fashion
user17957	has_hobby	horseback riding
user17957	like_music	rock
user17957	misc_attribute	helpful
user17957	have_pet	3 horse
user17958	school_status	student
user17958	has_hobby	running
user17958	attend_school	high school
user17958	school_status	straight
user17958	want_job	physical therapist
user17959	employed_by_general	nursing home
user17959	have	no belief
user17959	physical_attribute	overweight
user17960	has_hobby	knitting
user17960	like_activity	baking
user17960	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user17960	have_pet	dog
user17960	misc_attribute	fearful
user17961	has_profession	doctor
user17961	job_status	seeking employment
user17961	like_movie	friday
user17962	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user17962	have_pet	dog
user17962	gender	female
user17962	employed_by_general	school
user17962	like_goto	church
user17963	attend_school	university
user17963	like_food	raw food
user17963	marital_status	married
user17963	like_music	the rolling stones
user17964	have	cancer
user17964	has_ability	sew
user17964	have_chidren	children
user17964	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user17965	favorite_color	grey
user17965	dislike	scorpions
user17965	have_pet	dog
user17965	employed_by_general	postal service
user17966	like_watching	cooking shows
user17966	like_activity	amusement park
user17966	live_in_general	0 germany
user17966	other	vegan
user17967	misc_attribute	animal activist
user17967	has_hobby	bird watching
user17967	has_age	olc
user17967	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user17967	dislike	holidays
user17968	like_activity	stopping time
user17968	physical_attribute	small
user17968	live_in_general	cloud
user17968	have	superpowers
user17969	has_ability	play instrument
user17969	has_ability	speak language
user17969	has_hobby	ping pong
user17970	has_profession	construction worker
user17970	have_pet	cat
user17970	have_pet	5 cat
user17970	like_activity	building houses
user17971	dislike	being a disappointment
user17971	have_pet	dog
user17971	attend_school	chemistry
user17971	dislike	fashion
user17971	has_ability	dance
user17972	has_age	12
user17972	like_general	pobox
user17972	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user17972	dislike	school
user17972	misc_attribute	lonely
user17973	want_do	0 move
user17973	have_pet	horse
user17973	live_in_general	horse farm
user17973	place_origin	small town
user17973	want_job	lawyer
user17974	physical_attribute	brunette
user17974	attend_school	high school
user17974	other	vegan
user17974	like_activity	horseback riding
user17974	like_general	purple
user17975	school_status	2011 graduated
user17975	own	bmw
user17975	place_origin	new york
user17976	attend_school	chemistry
user17976	dislike	fashion
user17976	dislike	being a disappointment
user17976	has_ability	dance
user17977	has_hobby	running
user17977	attend_school	high school
user17977	school_status	student
user17977	school_status	straight
user17978	like_goto	the city
user17978	has_ability	play instrument
user17978	has_hobby	volunteer
user17979	like_activity	dance
user17979	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user17979	have_family	aunt
user17979	other	was born in somalia
user17980	have_pet	reptile
user17980	has_age	4
user17980	have	friend
user17980	like_general	play
user17981	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user17981	has_profession	recording engineer
user17981	like_general	being indoors
user17982	have_pet	2 dog
user17982	physical_attribute	short hair
user17982	has_hobby	exercising
user17982	like_goto	gym
user17983	favorite_music_artist	up
user17983	has_profession	teacher
user17983	like_goto	beach
user17983	has_hobby	board games
user17984	has_ability	eating
user17984	has_hobby	exercising
user17984	physical_attribute	short hair
user17984	have_pet	2 dog
user17984	like_goto	gym
user17985	physical_attribute	blonde
user17985	physical_attribute	skinny
user17985	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user17985	like_general	skinny jeans
user17986	has_age	13
user17986	attend_school	<blank>
user17986	dislike	math
user17986	member_of	sports team
user17987	has_profession	musician
user17987	like_music	folk
user17987	has_ability	play instrument
user17987	has_profession	janitor
user17988	like_activity	party
user17988	favorite_movie	mean girls
user17988	other	fear of heights
user17988	have_pet	1 cat
user17989	school_status	graduate student
user17989	has_hobby	kayaking
user17989	like_read	psychology
user17989	has_profession	dog walker
user17990	like_food	hamburgers
user17990	like_drink	soda
user17990	live_in_general	house
user17990	like_activity	walking
user17991	other	was poor growing up
user17991	previous_profession	teacher
user17991	like_watching	war
user17991	has_hobby	volunteer
user17992	like_activity	trying new food
user17992	like_food	all
user17992	has_hobby	traveling
user17992	like_activity	cooking
user17992	have_vehicle	boat
user17993	have_chidren	children
user17993	have_chidren	son
user17993	favorite_movie	horror
user17994	has_ability	speak language
user17994	has_profession	musician
user17994	has_ability	speak language
user17994	want_do	speak language
user17995	employed_by_company	bank
user17995	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user17995	own	home
user17995	other	omnivore
user17996	have	powers
user17996	physical_attribute	transplant
user17996	misc_attribute	talented
user17996	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user17996	gender	male
user17997	misc_attribute	feminist
user17997	like_general	social media
user17997	have	solar panels
user17997	like_general	internet browsing
user17997	other	only eat organic food
user17998	own	nissan pathfinder
user17998	like_music	taylor swift
user17998	favorite_music	country
user17998	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user17999	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user17999	misc_attribute	talented
user17999	physical_attribute	transplant
user17999	gender	male
user18000	job_status	employed
user18000	has_profession	construction worker
user18000	favorite_food	mexican food
user18000	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18000	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18001	like_food	<blank>
user18001	has_hobby	running
user18001	other	health
user18001	job_status	employed
user18002	like_activity	cooking
user18002	like_activity	trying new food
user18002	has_hobby	traveling
user18002	have_vehicle	boat
user18002	like_food	all
user18003	has_age	56
user18003	has_profession	housekeeper
user18003	want_do	take over the world
user18003	have_chidren	2 children
user18003	other	used to be pretty
user18004	own	mini van
user18004	like_drink	coffee
user18004	has_hobby	baseball
user18004	like_drink	red wine
user18004	have_chidren	5 son
user18005	physical_attribute	brunette
user18005	other	vegan
user18005	attend_school	high school
user18005	like_general	purple
user18005	like_activity	horseback riding
user18006	have	friends
user18006	other	dont do drugs
user18006	employed_by_company	burger king
user18007	has_profession	tennis player
user18007	live_in_general	house
user18007	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18007	marital_status	doctor
user18008	like_music	hip hop
user18008	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18008	other	born in 80s
user18008	like_music	new kids on the block
user18008	favorite	toy
user18009	like_general	blue
user18009	marital_status	married
user18009	like_sports	running
user18009	gender	female
user18010	want_job	programmer
user18010	has_hobby	swimming
user18010	favorite_music	death metal
user18011	live_in_general	apartment
user18011	job_status	employed
user18011	dislike	chicken
user18011	physical_attribute	blonde
user18012	has_hobby	photography
user18012	has_ability	3 speak language
user18012	has_profession	teacher
user18012	favorite_color	red and silver
user18013	own	new home
user18013	employed_by_general	school
user18013	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18013	have_chidren	step children
user18014	have_pet	named charlie
user18014	has_ability	produce
user18014	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18014	<blank>	<blank>
user18014	favorite_food	pizza
user18015	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18015	like_general	character
user18015	like_goto	disney world
user18015	like_goto	playground
user18015	like_activity	singing
user18016	want	dog
user18016	like_activity	singing
user18016	like_food	chocolate
user18016	like_general	talking
user18017	<blank>	<blank>
user18017	marital_status	single
user18017	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18017	job_status	employed
user18017	has_hobby	gym
user18018	has_profession	doctor
user18018	like_movie	friday
user18018	like_goto	park
user18018	job_status	seeking employment
user18019	has_hobby	running
user18019	job_status	employed
user18019	other	health
user18019	like_food	<blank>
user18020	has_profession	dog walker
user18020	has_hobby	kayaking
user18020	like_read	psychology
user18021	like_general	purple
user18021	like_activity	horseback riding
user18021	physical_attribute	brunette
user18021	attend_school	high school
user18022	like_general	red
user18022	other	christian
user18022	like_music	classical
user18022	misc_attribute	athletic
user18023	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18023	school_status	did not graduate
user18023	employed_by_general	army
user18023	favorite_food	schawarma
user18024	live_in_general	prison
user18024	want_do	shoplift
user18024	has_age	old
user18024	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18025	like_activity	baking
user18025	have_pet	dog
user18025	has_hobby	knitting
user18025	misc_attribute	fearful
user18025	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18026	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18026	physical_attribute	blonde
user18026	like_general	skinny jeans
user18026	physical_attribute	skinny
user18027	have	1000 hats
user18027	own	gold medal
user18027	like_food	ice cream
user18027	like_animal	cat
user18028	have_pet	named charlie
user18028	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18028	<blank>	<blank>
user18028	has_ability	produce
user18028	favorite_food	pizza
user18029	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18029	have	no belief
user18029	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18030	has_profession	recording engineer
user18030	like_general	being indoors
user18030	has_age	46
user18030	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18031	has_age	18
user18031	marital_status	single
user18031	like_activity	hiking
user18031	favorite_color	orange
user18031	have_pet	fish
user18032	favorite_music_artist	up
user18032	has_profession	teacher
user18032	like_goto	beach
user18033	has_ability	play instrument
user18033	like_food	candy
user18033	has_hobby	ping pong
user18033	has_ability	speak language
user18034	want_do	learning
user18034	job_status	employed
user18034	physical_attribute	blonde
user18034	live_in_general	apartment
user18034	dislike	chicken
user18035	have_pet	dog
user18035	like_watching	comedy
user18035	like_watching	sport
user18035	live_in_general	farm
user18036	have_chidren	step children
user18036	job_status	employed
user18036	own	new home
user18036	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18037	like_goto	church
user18037	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18037	gender	female
user18037	employed_by_general	school
user18037	have_pet	dog
user18038	other	was poor growing up
user18038	previous_profession	teacher
user18038	has_hobby	volunteer
user18038	like_watching	war
user18039	has_profession	dog walker
user18039	other	polyamorous relationship
user18039	have_pet	3 dog
user18040	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18040	misc_attribute	lonely
user18040	like_general	pobox
user18040	has_age	12
user18040	dislike	school
user18041	has_ability	speak language
user18041	has_ability	speak language
user18041	has_profession	musician
user18041	want_do	speak language
user18042	have_pet	fish
user18042	favorite_color	orange
user18042	like_activity	hiking
user18042	has_age	18
user18042	marital_status	single
user18043	has_hobby	gardening
user18043	has_profession	tour guide
user18043	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18043	own	library
user18043	like_drink	tea
user18044	employed_by_general	army
user18044	school_status	did not graduate
user18044	favorite_food	schawarma
user18044	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18045	have_pet	horse
user18045	live_in_general	horse farm
user18045	want_job	lawyer
user18045	place_origin	small town
user18045	want_do	0 move
user18046	favorite_color	grey
user18046	dislike	scorpions
user18046	have_pet	dog
user18046	employed_by_general	postal service
user18047	like_general	cook paella
user18047	school_status	student
user18047	like_activity	traveling
user18047	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18047	like_food	fish
user18048	has_profession	doctor
user18048	like_movie	friday
user18048	job_status	seeking employment
user18048	like_goto	park
user18049	has_ability	3 speak language
user18049	favorite_color	red and silver
user18049	has_hobby	photography
user18049	has_profession	teacher
user18050	like_food	hamburgers
user18050	have	1 <blank>
user18050	like_drink	soda
user18050	like_activity	walking
user18050	live_in_general	house
user18051	live_in_general	0 germany
user18051	like_watching	cooking shows
user18051	like_activity	amusement park
user18051	dislike	swimming
user18051	other	vegan
user18052	want_do	shoplift
user18052	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18052	live_in_general	prison
user18053	want_do	shoplift
user18053	live_in_general	prison
user18053	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18053	has_age	old
user18054	like_goto	park
user18054	like_movie	friday
user18054	has_profession	doctor
user18054	job_status	seeking employment
user18055	favorite_food	schawarma
user18055	school_status	did not graduate
user18055	employed_by_general	army
user18055	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18056	have_pet	named charlie
user18056	has_ability	produce
user18056	favorite_food	pizza
user18056	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18057	like_music	taylor swift
user18057	own	nissan pathfinder
user18057	physical_attribute	brunette
user18057	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18057	favorite_music	country
user18058	want_job	lawyer
user18058	have_pet	horse
user18058	place_origin	small town
user18058	live_in_general	horse farm
user18058	want_do	0 move
user18059	physical_attribute	overweight
user18059	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18059	have	no belief
user18059	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18060	have	powers
user18060	misc_attribute	talented
user18060	physical_attribute	transplant
user18060	gender	male
user18060	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18061	like_activity	baking
user18061	has_hobby	knitting
user18061	misc_attribute	fearful
user18061	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18062	has_profession	pianist
user18062	like_goto	the city
user18062	has_hobby	volunteer
user18063	have_chidren	children
user18063	have	cancer
user18063	job_status	retired
user18063	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user18064	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18064	misc_attribute	helpful
user18064	has_hobby	volunteering
user18064	favorite_color	navy blue
user18065	like_activity	spending time
user18065	has_hobby	walking
user18065	like_goto	disneyland
user18065	favorite	way to relax
user18066	has_hobby	volunteer
user18066	like_goto	the city
user18066	has_profession	pianist
user18066	has_ability	play instrument
user18067	favorite_color	orange
user18067	has_age	18
user18067	have_pet	fish
user18067	like_activity	hiking
user18067	marital_status	single
user18068	has_ability	3 speak language
user18068	favorite_color	red and silver
user18068	has_hobby	photography
user18068	has_profession	teacher
user18069	misc_attribute	talented
user18069	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18069	physical_attribute	transplant
user18069	gender	male
user18069	have	powers
user18070	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18070	has_hobby	gym
user18070	marital_status	single
user18070	<blank>	<blank>
user18070	job_status	employed
user18071	misc_attribute	talented
user18071	physical_attribute	transplant
user18071	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18071	have	powers
user18071	gender	male
user18072	has_hobby	running
user18072	like_food	<blank>
user18072	job_status	employed
user18073	have	skin
user18073	has_profession	waitress
user18073	like_activity	racing
user18073	own	motorbike helmet
user18073	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18074	physical_attribute	immortal
user18074	has_age	100
user18074	like_drink	wine
user18074	other	remember when people had no television
user18074	misc_attribute	strong
user18075	have_pet	3 dog
user18075	has_profession	dog walker
user18075	other	polyamorous relationship
user18075	like_watching	1 sport
user18076	like_general	play
user18076	has_age	4
user18076	misc_attribute	lazy
user18076	have	friend
user18077	like_drink	liquor
user18077	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18077	like_drink	coffee
user18078	have_chidren	3 children
user18078	marital_status	married
user18078	like_food	ice cream
user18078	has_profession	plumber
user18079	like_animal	cat
user18079	have	1000 hats
user18079	like_food	ice cream
user18079	own	gold medal
user18080	physical_attribute	short hair
user18080	have_pet	2 dog
user18080	has_hobby	exercising
user18080	has_ability	eating
user18081	favorite_color	navy blue
user18081	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18081	previous_profession	military
user18081	misc_attribute	helpful
user18081	has_hobby	volunteering
user18082	has_age	12
user18082	misc_attribute	lonely
user18082	dislike	school
user18082	like_general	pobox
user18083	has_hobby	running
user18083	want_job	physical therapist
user18083	attend_school	high school
user18083	school_status	straight
user18083	school_status	student
user18084	own	nissan pathfinder
user18084	like_music	taylor swift
user18084	physical_attribute	brunette
user18084	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18085	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18085	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18085	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18085	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18085	have_pet	cat
user18086	misc_attribute	lazy
user18086	have_pet	reptile
user18086	has_age	4
user18086	have	friend
user18087	has_age	40
user18087	dislike	0 my job
user18087	job_status	employed
user18087	have_family	wife
user18088	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18088	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18088	like_general	wearing a hat
user18088	have	broken arm
user18089	has_hobby	swimming
user18089	favorite_music	death metal
user18089	want_job	programmer
user18090	marital_status	married
user18090	have_family	aunt
user18090	other	was born in somalia
user18090	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18091	other	remember when people had no television
user18091	misc_attribute	strong
user18091	physical_attribute	immortal
user18091	has_age	100
user18091	like_drink	wine
user18092	like_watching	sport
user18092	live_in_general	farm
user18092	like_watching	comedy
user18092	have_pet	dog
user18093	job_status	employed
user18093	other	health
user18093	has_hobby	running
user18093	like_food	<blank>
user18094	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18094	dislike	job
user18094	member_of	buddhism
user18094	misc_attribute	quiet
user18094	like_activity	meditation
user18095	dislike	blood
user18095	like_activity	video games
user18095	have	dyed hair
user18095	attend_school	university
user18096	have_family	mother
user18096	other	dont do drugs
user18096	employed_by_company	burger king
user18097	has_hobby	board games
user18097	like_goto	beach
user18097	has_profession	teacher
user18098	like_goto	disney world
user18098	like_general	character
user18098	like_goto	playground
user18098	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18099	like_activity	building houses
user18099	have_pet	5 cat
user18099	has_profession	construction worker
user18099	have_pet	cat
user18100	like_watching	war
user18100	has_hobby	volunteer
user18100	other	was poor growing up
user18100	previous_profession	teacher
user18101	school_status	student
user18101	has_hobby	running
user18101	want_job	physical therapist
user18101	attend_school	high school
user18101	school_status	straight
user18102	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18102	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18102	has_hobby	reading
user18102	have_chidren	1 child
user18103	have_pet	3 dog
user18103	other	polyamorous relationship
user18103	has_profession	dog walker
user18104	have_chidren	children
user18104	favorite_movie	horror
user18104	previous_profession	10 human services field
user18105	employed_by_general	farm
user18105	has_profession	electrician
user18105	like_music	country
user18105	have_pet	1 cow
user18105	live_in_general	the country
user18106	has_profession	teacher
user18106	has_ability	3 speak language
user18106	has_hobby	photography
user18107	have_chidren	step children
user18107	employed_by_general	school
user18107	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18107	own	new home
user18108	job_status	employed
user18108	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18108	<blank>	<blank>
user18108	marital_status	single
user18109	like_drink	tea
user18109	own	library
user18109	has_profession	tour guide
user18109	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18110	live_in_general	horse farm
user18110	have_pet	horse
user18110	want_job	lawyer
user18110	place_origin	small town
user18111	has_profession	0 musician
user18111	like_goto	park
user18111	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18111	has_ability	play instrument
user18111	place_origin	the industryy
user18112	school_status	student
user18112	has_hobby	running
user18112	want_job	physical therapist
user18112	attend_school	high school
user18113	has_hobby	building a robot
user18113	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18113	previous_profession	game designer
user18113	other	allergy
user18113	other	famous twitch streamer
user18114	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18114	like_general	character
user18114	like_goto	playground
user18114	like_goto	disney world
user18115	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18115	has_age	46
user18115	has_profession	recording engineer
user18115	like_general	being indoors
user18116	like_goto	beach
user18116	favorite_music_artist	up
user18116	has_profession	teacher
user18117	have_family	3 sister
user18117	have_sibling	1 brother
user18117	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18117	like_food	taco
user18118	favorite_music	country
user18118	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18118	like_music	taylor swift
user18118	own	nissan pathfinder
user18118	physical_attribute	brunette
user18119	want_job	programmer
user18119	has_hobby	swimming
user18119	favorite_music	death metal
user18120	physical_attribute	transplant
user18120	gender	male
user18120	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18120	misc_attribute	talented
user18121	place_origin	the industryy
user18121	has_ability	play instrument
user18121	has_profession	0 musician
user18121	like_goto	park
user18121	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18122	job_status	employed
user18122	other	was adopted at a young age
user18122	dislike	clowns
user18123	attend_school	university
user18123	want_job	work from home
user18123	dislike	blood
user18123	like_activity	video games
user18124	have_chidren	2 children
user18124	want_do	take over the world
user18124	has_age	56
user18124	has_profession	housekeeper
user18124	other	used to be pretty
user18125	own	home
user18125	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18125	employed_by_company	bank
user18126	like_food	hamburgers
user18126	like_activity	walking
user18126	like_drink	soda
user18126	have	1 <blank>
user18126	live_in_general	house
user18127	has_profession	stunt double
user18127	has_hobby	reading
user18127	other	<blank>
user18127	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user18128	like_activity	tanning
user18128	like_activity	shopping
user18128	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18128	has_hobby	diet
user18128	like_music	britney spears
user18129	have_pet	1 cow
user18129	has_profession	electrician
user18129	like_music	country
user18129	employed_by_general	farm
user18129	live_in_general	the country
user18130	want	rollys royce ghost
user18130	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18130	like_general	shopping
user18130	has_hobby	shopping
user18131	like_music	britney spears
user18131	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18131	like_activity	tanning
user18131	like_activity	shopping
user18131	has_hobby	diet
user18132	has_profession	insurance
user18132	job_status	employed
user18132	like_sports	softball
user18133	like_music	britney spears
user18133	like_activity	shopping
user18133	has_hobby	diet
user18133	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18134	own	gold medal
user18134	like_animal	cat
user18134	have	1000 hats
user18134	like_food	ice cream
user18135	have_pet	3 dog
user18135	other	polyamorous relationship
user18135	has_profession	dog walker
user18135	like_watching	1 sport
user18136	has_hobby	fishing
user18136	like_read	comics
user18136	like_general	spiderman
user18136	like_general	cooking
user18136	has_profession	chef
user18137	have_pet	1 dog
user18137	like_activity	hiking
user18137	has_profession	engineer
user18137	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18137	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18138	want_job	work from home
user18138	attend_school	university
user18138	have	dyed hair
user18138	like_activity	video games
user18138	dislike	blood
user18139	live_in_general	horse farm
user18139	want_job	lawyer
user18139	want_do	0 move
user18139	place_origin	small town
user18140	marital_status	married
user18140	have_family	0 close
user18140	other	name is george
user18140	has_profession	farmer
user18140	favorite_food	papaya
user18141	like_activity	dance
user18141	other	was born in somalia
user18141	have_family	aunt
user18141	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18142	has_hobby	volunteering
user18142	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18142	favorite_color	navy blue
user18142	misc_attribute	helpful
user18143	like_general	play
user18143	has_age	4
user18143	have	friend
user18143	misc_attribute	lazy
user18144	like_food	italian cuisine
user18144	has_hobby	working out
user18144	like_sports	gymnastics
user18144	has_profession	athlete
user18144	favorite_color	yellow
user18145	like_music	folk
user18145	has_profession	janitor
user18145	has_ability	play instrument
user18145	has_profession	musician
user18146	other	name is george
user18146	has_profession	farmer
user18146	favorite_food	papaya
user18146	have_family	0 close
user18146	marital_status	married
user18147	has_age	46
user18147	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18147	like_general	being indoors
user18148	have_pet	cat
user18148	has_profession	construction worker
user18148	have_pet	5 cat
user18148	like_activity	building houses
user18149	has_profession	librarian
user18149	like_goto	spain
user18149	want_do	retire
user18149	like_activity	travel
user18149	has_age	60
user18150	has_profession	housekeeper
user18150	has_age	56
user18150	have_chidren	2 children
user18150	other	used to be pretty
user18150	want_do	take over the world
user18151	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18151	have_pet	2 dog
user18151	has_age	31
user18151	like_activity	chess
user18152	have_chidren	children
user18152	have	cancer
user18152	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user18152	job_status	retired
user18153	has_age	31
user18153	have_pet	2 dog
user18153	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18153	like_activity	chess
user18153	like_drink	liquor
user18154	like_activity	singing
user18154	like_food	chocolate
user18154	like_general	talking
user18154	has_age	4
user18155	favorite_color	yellow
user18155	has_profession	athlete
user18155	like_food	italian cuisine
user18155	like_sports	gymnastics
user18155	has_hobby	working out
user18156	other	famous twitch streamer
user18156	previous_profession	game designer
user18156	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18156	other	allergy
user18156	has_hobby	building a robot
user18157	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18157	physical_attribute	skinny
user18157	like_general	skinny jeans
user18158	has_hobby	volunteer
user18158	like_watching	war
user18158	other	was poor growing up
user18158	previous_profession	teacher
user18159	want_job	programmer
user18159	favorite_music	death metal
user18159	has_hobby	swimming
user18160	like_drink	soda
user18160	like_activity	walking
user18160	like_food	hamburgers
user18160	have	1 <blank>
user18160	live_in_general	house
user18161	has_profession	housekeeper
user18161	has_age	56
user18161	other	used to be pretty
user18161	want_do	take over the world
user18162	like_activity	singing
user18162	like_goto	playground
user18162	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18162	like_goto	disney world
user18163	has_hobby	baseball
user18163	have_chidren	5 son
user18163	like_drink	coffee
user18163	own	mini van
user18163	like_drink	red wine
user18164	favorite_color	yellow
user18164	has_hobby	working out
user18164	like_sports	gymnastics
user18164	has_profession	athlete
user18165	like_music	taylor swift
user18165	favorite_music	country
user18165	physical_attribute	brunette
user18165	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18166	physical_attribute	overweight
user18166	have	no belief
user18166	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18167	like_general	character
user18167	like_goto	disney world
user18167	like_goto	playground
user18167	like_activity	singing
user18167	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18168	have_pet	horse
user18168	want_job	lawyer
user18168	live_in_general	horse farm
user18168	place_origin	small town
user18168	want_do	0 move
user18169	like_food	chocolate
user18169	has_age	4
user18169	like_activity	singing
user18169	like_general	talking
user18169	want	dog
user18170	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18170	have_family	wife
user18170	job_status	employed
user18170	has_age	40
user18170	dislike	0 my job
user18171	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18171	have_chidren	step children
user18171	job_status	employed
user18171	employed_by_general	school
user18171	own	new home
user18172	have_pet	horse
user18172	want_job	lawyer
user18172	live_in_general	horse farm
user18172	place_origin	small town
user18173	have	broken arm
user18173	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18173	like_general	wearing a hat
user18174	like_animal	dog
user18174	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18174	have_family	3 sister
user18174	like_food	taco
user18175	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18175	has_age	old
user18175	live_in_general	prison
user18175	want_do	shoplift
user18176	have_pet	cat
user18176	has_profession	construction worker
user18176	have_pet	5 cat
user18177	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18177	other	fear of heights
user18177	have_pet	1 cat
user18177	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18178	dislike	chicken
user18178	physical_attribute	blonde
user18178	live_in_general	apartment
user18178	job_status	employed
user18179	favorite_food	pizza
user18179	has_ability	produce
user18179	<blank>	<blank>
user18179	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18179	have_pet	named charlie
user18180	have_chidren	1 child
user18180	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18180	has_hobby	reading
user18180	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18180	favorite_movie	documentary
user18181	have_sibling	1 brother
user18181	have_family	3 sister
user18181	like_animal	dog
user18181	like_food	taco
user18182	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18182	school_status	student
user18182	like_food	fish
user18182	like_activity	traveling
user18183	has_hobby	shopping
user18183	want	rollys royce ghost
user18183	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18183	like_general	shopping
user18184	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18184	like_drink	coffee
user18184	dislike	pink
user18184	like_drink	liquor
user18185	like_goto	spain
user18185	like_activity	travel
user18185	want_do	retire
user18185	has_profession	librarian
user18185	has_age	60
user18186	attend_school	<blank>
user18186	dislike	math
user18186	member_of	sports team
user18187	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18187	like_music	rock
user18187	have_pet	3 horse
user18187	misc_attribute	helpful
user18188	have_pet	3 dog
user18188	like_watching	1 sport
user18188	other	polyamorous relationship
user18188	has_profession	dog walker
user18189	like_music	the rolling stones
user18189	like_food	raw food
user18189	own	house
user18189	attend_school	university
user18190	has_hobby	exercising
user18190	like_goto	gym
user18190	physical_attribute	short hair
user18190	has_ability	eating
user18191	has_profession	doctor
user18191	job_status	seeking employment
user18191	like_goto	park
user18192	job_status	employed
user18192	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18192	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18192	favorite_food	mexican food
user18193	has_age	45
user18193	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18193	have	medications
user18193	place_origin	farm
user18193	other	recovering alcoholic
user18194	like_activity	walking
user18194	like_drink	soda
user18194	have	1 <blank>
user18194	like_food	hamburgers
user18195	like_activity	traveling
user18195	like_food	fish
user18195	like_general	cook paella
user18195	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18196	live_in_general	horse farm
user18196	have_pet	horse
user18196	want_job	lawyer
user18196	want_do	0 move
user18196	place_origin	small town
user18197	like_activity	gambling
user18197	live_in_general	north
user18197	like_activity	grilling
user18197	job_status	retired
user18198	dislike	chicken
user18198	live_in_general	apartment
user18198	want_do	learning
user18198	job_status	employed
user18199	has_profession	pianist
user18199	has_hobby	volunteer
user18199	like_goto	the city
user18200	have_pet	horse
user18200	want_job	lawyer
user18200	live_in_general	horse farm
user18200	place_origin	small town
user18200	want_do	0 move
user18201	like_activity	spending time
user18201	has_profession	nurse
user18201	has_hobby	walking
user18201	favorite	way to relax
user18201	like_goto	disneyland
user18202	marital_status	doctor
user18202	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18202	has_profession	tennis player
user18202	live_in_general	house
user18203	like_animal	cat
user18203	have	1000 hats
user18203	own	gold medal
user18203	like_food	ice cream
user18204	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18204	has_profession	construction worker
user18204	job_status	employed
user18204	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18204	favorite_food	mexican food
user18205	attend_school	high school
user18205	want_job	physical therapist
user18205	school_status	straight
user18205	has_hobby	running
user18205	school_status	student
user18206	want_job	restauranteur
user18206	like_sports	basketball
user18206	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18206	have_sibling	1 sister
user18207	like_activity	grilling
user18207	like_activity	gambling
user18207	job_status	retired
user18207	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18208	like_general	play
user18208	have	friend
user18208	misc_attribute	lazy
user18208	has_age	4
user18209	has_hobby	baseball
user18209	like_drink	red wine
user18209	like_drink	coffee
user18209	have_chidren	5 son
user18209	own	mini van
user18210	has_profession	plumber
user18210	marital_status	married
user18210	have_chidren	3 children
user18210	like_food	ice cream
user18211	like_general	purple
user18211	other	vegan
user18211	like_activity	horseback riding
user18211	attend_school	high school
user18212	job_status	employed
user18212	has_hobby	running
user18212	like_food	<blank>
user18212	other	health
user18213	dislike	holidays
user18213	has_hobby	bird watching
user18213	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18213	has_age	olc
user18214	like_activity	trying new food
user18214	has_hobby	traveling
user18214	have_vehicle	boat
user18214	like_activity	cooking
user18214	like_food	all
user18215	want	rollys royce ghost
user18215	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18215	like_general	shopping
user18215	has_hobby	shopping
user18216	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18216	like_food	donuts
user18216	has_hobby	driving
user18216	has_hobby	video games
user18217	own	bmw
user18217	school_status	student
user18217	school_status	2011 graduated
user18218	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18218	has_profession	engineer
user18218	like_activity	hiking
user18218	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18219	has_profession	pianist
user18219	has_ability	play instrument
user18219	has_hobby	volunteer
user18220	has_ability	play instrument
user18220	like_music	folk
user18220	has_profession	janitor
user18221	favorite_food	mexican food
user18221	has_profession	construction worker
user18221	job_status	employed
user18221	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18221	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18222	like_sports	gymnastics
user18222	favorite_color	yellow
user18222	has_hobby	working out
user18222	has_profession	athlete
user18222	like_food	italian cuisine
user18223	want_do	shoplift
user18223	has_age	old
user18223	live_in_general	prison
user18223	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18224	have_pet	2 dog
user18224	favorite_music	country
user18224	like_music	country
user18224	like_activity	mechanics
user18224	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user18225	have	powers
user18225	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18225	misc_attribute	talented
user18225	physical_attribute	transplant
user18225	gender	male
user18226	like_food	donuts
user18226	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18226	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18226	has_hobby	video games
user18227	like_music	britney spears
user18227	like_activity	tanning
user18227	like_activity	shopping
user18227	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18228	like_general	pobox
user18228	has_age	12
user18228	misc_attribute	lonely
user18228	dislike	school
user18228	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18229	has_ability	dance
user18229	dislike	being a disappointment
user18229	attend_school	chemistry
user18229	have_pet	dog
user18230	like_food	ice cream
user18230	like_animal	cat
user18230	have	1000 hats
user18230	own	gold medal
user18231	have_chidren	children
user18231	have_chidren	son
user18231	favorite_movie	horror
user18231	previous_profession	10 human services field
user18232	job_status	seeking employment
user18232	like_movie	friday
user18232	has_profession	doctor
user18232	like_goto	park
user18233	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user18233	job_status	retired
user18233	has_ability	sew
user18233	have	cancer
user18233	have_chidren	children
user18234	own	house
user18234	like_food	raw food
user18234	like_music	the rolling stones
user18234	marital_status	married
user18234	attend_school	university
user18235	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18235	other	fear of heights
user18235	have_pet	1 cat
user18235	like_activity	party
user18236	favorite_color	red and silver
user18236	has_ability	3 speak language
user18236	has_profession	teacher
user18237	like_goto	church
user18237	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18237	have_pet	dog
user18237	employed_by_general	school
user18238	favorite_movie	documentary
user18238	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18238	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18238	has_hobby	reading
user18239	like_general	cook paella
user18239	like_food	fish
user18239	school_status	student
user18239	like_activity	traveling
user18240	have_pet	dog
user18240	dislike	being a disappointment
user18240	attend_school	chemistry
user18240	dislike	fashion
user18240	has_ability	dance
user18241	has_hobby	running
user18241	job_status	employed
user18241	like_food	<blank>
user18241	other	health
user18242	like_general	cooking
user18242	like_read	comics
user18242	has_hobby	fishing
user18242	has_profession	chef
user18242	like_general	spiderman
user18243	have	cancer
user18243	job_status	retired
user18243	have_chidren	children
user18243	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user18244	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18244	like_activity	racing
user18244	has_profession	waitress
user18244	have	skin
user18245	other	only eat organic food
user18245	like_general	internet browsing
user18245	misc_attribute	feminist
user18245	have	solar panels
user18246	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18246	has_profession	tour guide
user18246	has_hobby	gardening
user18246	own	library
user18247	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18247	favorite_food	schawarma
user18247	school_status	did not graduate
user18248	like_music	folk
user18248	has_profession	musician
user18248	has_ability	play instrument
user18248	has_profession	janitor
user18249	like_drink	red wine
user18249	have_chidren	5 son
user18249	like_drink	coffee
user18249	own	mini van
user18250	like_food	ice cream
user18250	have	1000 hats
user18250	like_animal	cat
user18250	own	gold medal
user18251	attend_school	<blank>
user18251	dislike	math
user18251	member_of	sports team
user18252	have_pet	5 cat
user18252	has_profession	construction worker
user18252	have_pet	cat
user18252	like_activity	building houses
user18253	school_status	student
user18253	school_status	2011 graduated
user18253	place_origin	new york
user18254	has_ability	eating
user18254	has_hobby	exercising
user18254	physical_attribute	short hair
user18254	have_pet	2 dog
user18255	own	motorbike helmet
user18255	has_profession	waitress
user18255	like_activity	racing
user18255	have	skin
user18256	physical_attribute	blonde
user18256	live_in_general	apartment
user18256	job_status	employed
user18256	dislike	chicken
user18257	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18257	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18257	have_pet	cat
user18257	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18258	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18258	own	home
user18258	employed_by_company	bank
user18259	other	recovering alcoholic
user18259	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18259	place_origin	farm
user18259	has_age	45
user18260	have	house in florida
user18260	job_status	employed
user18260	have_chidren	children
user18261	want_do	speak language
user18261	has_profession	musician
user18261	has_ability	speak language
user18261	has_ability	speak language
user18262	school_status	2011 graduated
user18262	own	bmw
user18262	school_status	student
user18263	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18263	like_food	donuts
user18263	has_hobby	driving
user18263	has_hobby	video games
user18264	marital_status	engaged
user18264	teach	kindergarten
user18264	like_goto	eat with friends
user18264	has_age	24
user18264	like_music	taylor swift
user18265	like_goto	playground
user18265	like_activity	singing
user18265	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18265	like_general	character
user18266	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18266	like_general	shopping
user18266	has_hobby	shopping
user18266	want	rollys royce ghost
user18267	school_status	student
user18267	like_food	fish
user18267	like_general	cook paella
user18267	like_activity	traveling
user18267	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18268	like_movie	starwars
user18268	has_hobby	coffee
user18268	like_activity	reading
user18268	previous_profession	football player
user18269	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18269	have_family	3 sister
user18269	like_animal	dog
user18269	like_food	taco
user18269	have_sibling	1 brother
user18270	like_activity	cooking
user18270	like_activity	trying new food
user18270	have_vehicle	boat
user18270	has_hobby	traveling
user18270	like_food	all
user18271	have_chidren	5 son
user18271	like_drink	red wine
user18271	own	mini van
user18271	has_hobby	baseball
user18271	like_drink	coffee
user18272	has_ability	sew
user18272	have	cancer
user18272	job_status	retired
user18272	have_chidren	children
user18273	has_hobby	shopping
user18273	like_general	shopping
user18273	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18274	like_activity	dance
user18274	other	was born in somalia
user18274	marital_status	married
user18274	have_family	aunt
user18274	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18275	has_profession	construction worker
user18275	like_activity	building houses
user18275	have_pet	5 cat
user18275	have_pet	cat
user18276	like_music	the rolling stones
user18276	attend_school	university
user18276	marital_status	married
user18276	like_food	raw food
user18277	favorite_movie	documentary
user18277	have_chidren	1 child
user18277	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18277	has_hobby	reading
user18278	employed_by_general	postal service
user18278	have_pet	dog
user18278	favorite_color	grey
user18278	dislike	scorpions
user18279	have_family	0 close
user18279	favorite_food	papaya
user18279	other	name is george
user18279	marital_status	married
user18279	has_profession	farmer
user18280	have_pet	1 dog
user18280	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18280	has_profession	engineer
user18280	like_activity	hiking
user18280	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18281	like_music	taylor swift
user18281	marital_status	engaged
user18281	has_age	24
user18281	teach	kindergarten
user18282	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18282	has_profession	engineer
user18282	like_activity	hiking
user18282	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18282	have_pet	1 dog
user18283	live_in_general	farm
user18283	like_watching	comedy
user18283	like_watching	sport
user18284	like_music	new kids on the block
user18284	like_music	hip hop
user18284	other	born in 80s
user18284	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18284	favorite	toy
user18285	favorite_color	yellow
user18285	has_profession	athlete
user18285	like_sports	gymnastics
user18285	like_food	italian cuisine
user18286	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18286	like_activity	hiking
user18286	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18286	has_profession	engineer
user18287	has_hobby	gardening
user18287	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18287	like_drink	tea
user18287	own	library
user18288	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18288	favorite_food	pizza
user18288	<blank>	<blank>
user18288	has_ability	produce
user18288	have_pet	named charlie
user18289	place_origin	new york
user18289	school_status	student
user18289	own	bmw
user18290	have_pet	named charlie
user18290	has_ability	produce
user18290	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18290	favorite_food	pizza
user18291	like_music	country
user18291	have_pet	2 dog
user18291	favorite_music	country
user18291	like_activity	mechanics
user18292	want_do	speak language
user18292	has_ability	speak language
user18292	has_profession	musician
user18293	employed_by_general	postal service
user18293	favorite_color	grey
user18293	dislike	scorpions
user18294	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18294	physical_attribute	blonde
user18294	physical_attribute	skinny
user18295	like_food	fish
user18295	like_general	cook paella
user18295	like_activity	traveling
user18295	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18295	school_status	student
user18296	has_ability	speak language
user18296	want_do	speak language
user18296	has_profession	musician
user18297	live_in_general	cloud
user18297	physical_attribute	small
user18297	misc_attribute	lonely
user18297	have	superpowers
user18297	like_activity	stopping time
user18298	has_ability	speak language
user18298	has_profession	musician
user18298	has_ability	speak language
user18299	have_pet	cat
user18299	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18299	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18299	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18300	like_general	play
user18300	has_age	4
user18300	have_pet	reptile
user18300	misc_attribute	lazy
user18300	have	friend
user18301	has_hobby	volunteer
user18301	other	was poor growing up
user18301	previous_profession	teacher
user18301	like_watching	war
user18302	has_hobby	driving
user18302	like_food	donuts
user18302	has_hobby	video games
user18302	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18302	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18303	have_pet	cat
user18303	have_pet	5 cat
user18303	has_profession	construction worker
user18304	like_activity	grilling
user18304	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18304	job_status	retired
user18304	like_activity	gambling
user18305	has_profession	athlete
user18305	like_food	italian cuisine
user18305	like_sports	gymnastics
user18305	favorite_color	yellow
user18305	has_hobby	working out
user18306	employed_by_general	army
user18306	school_status	did not graduate
user18306	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18307	like_activity	hiking
user18307	marital_status	single
user18307	have_pet	fish
user18307	has_age	18
user18307	favorite_color	orange
user18308	live_in_general	house
user18308	have	1 <blank>
user18308	like_drink	soda
user18308	like_activity	walking
user18308	like_food	hamburgers
user18309	marital_status	married
user18309	like_general	blue
user18309	other	vegetarian
user18309	like_sports	running
user18309	gender	female
user18310	want	rollys royce ghost
user18310	like_general	shopping
user18310	has_hobby	shopping
user18310	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18311	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18311	like_music	rock
user18311	misc_attribute	helpful
user18311	have_pet	3 horse
user18312	have_pet	named charlie
user18312	has_ability	produce
user18312	favorite_food	pizza
user18312	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18313	has_ability	play instrument
user18313	has_profession	musician
user18313	like_music	folk
user18313	has_profession	janitor
user18314	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18314	have	skin
user18314	has_profession	waitress
user18314	own	motorbike helmet
user18314	like_activity	racing
user18315	has_hobby	building a robot
user18315	other	famous twitch streamer
user18315	previous_profession	game designer
user18315	other	allergy
user18315	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18316	job_status	retired
user18316	have_chidren	children
user18316	have	cancer
user18316	has_ability	sew
user18317	has_hobby	gardening
user18317	job_status	employed
user18317	other	was adopted at a young age
user18318	dislike	holidays
user18318	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user18318	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18318	has_age	olc
user18318	has_hobby	bird watching
user18319	like_activity	meditation
user18319	dislike	job
user18319	misc_attribute	quiet
user18319	member_of	buddhism
user18320	teach	kindergarten
user18320	has_age	24
user18320	like_goto	eat with friends
user18320	marital_status	engaged
user18321	have	friend
user18321	like_general	play
user18321	have_pet	reptile
user18321	has_age	4
user18322	like_music	taylor swift
user18322	has_age	24
user18322	marital_status	engaged
user18322	like_goto	eat with friends
user18323	want_do	shoplift
user18323	live_in_general	prison
user18323	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18323	has_age	old
user18324	has_hobby	baseball
user18324	like_drink	red wine
user18324	own	mini van
user18324	have_chidren	5 son
user18324	like_drink	coffee
user18325	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18325	<blank>	<blank>
user18325	has_ability	produce
user18325	have_pet	named charlie
user18325	favorite_food	pizza
user18326	dislike	chicken
user18326	live_in_general	apartment
user18326	job_status	employed
user18326	want_do	learning
user18327	dislike	clowns
user18327	has_hobby	gardening
user18327	job_status	employed
user18327	other	was adopted at a young age
user18328	favorite	toy
user18328	like_music	new kids on the block
user18328	other	born in 80s
user18328	like_music	hip hop
user18329	want_do	retire
user18329	has_profession	librarian
user18329	like_goto	spain
user18329	like_activity	travel
user18330	like_watching	comedy
user18330	have_pet	dog
user18330	like_watching	sport
user18330	live_in_general	farm
user18331	has_hobby	gardening
user18331	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18331	like_drink	tea
user18331	own	library
user18332	have_family	0 close
user18332	other	name is george
user18332	favorite_food	papaya
user18332	has_profession	farmer
user18332	marital_status	married
user18333	has_ability	dance
user18333	dislike	being a disappointment
user18333	attend_school	chemistry
user18333	have_pet	dog
user18333	dislike	fashion
user18334	like_general	skinny jeans
user18334	physical_attribute	blonde
user18334	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18334	physical_attribute	skinny
user18335	has_hobby	gardening
user18335	dislike	clowns
user18335	job_status	employed
user18335	other	was adopted at a young age
user18336	dislike	pink
user18336	like_drink	liquor
user18336	like_drink	coffee
user18336	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18337	have_family	3 sister
user18337	have_sibling	1 brother
user18337	like_animal	dog
user18337	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18338	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user18338	job_status	retired
user18338	has_ability	sew
user18338	have	cancer
user18338	have_chidren	children
user18339	like_general	social media
user18339	have	solar panels
user18339	like_general	internet browsing
user18339	other	only eat organic food
user18339	misc_attribute	feminist
user18340	have_family	wife
user18340	has_age	40
user18340	dislike	0 my job
user18340	job_status	employed
user18341	has_profession	athlete
user18341	misc_attribute	social
user18341	has_hobby	volunteer
user18341	has_hobby	volunteer
user18342	has_profession	nurse
user18342	like_goto	disneyland
user18342	has_hobby	walking
user18342	like_activity	spending time
user18342	favorite	way to relax
user18343	have_chidren	children
user18343	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user18343	have	cancer
user18343	has_ability	sew
user18344	like_activity	walking
user18344	live_in_general	house
user18344	like_food	hamburgers
user18344	like_drink	soda
user18345	like_sports	running
user18345	other	vegetarian
user18345	marital_status	married
user18345	gender	female
user18345	like_general	blue
user18346	has_hobby	traveling
user18346	have_vehicle	boat
user18346	like_activity	cooking
user18346	like_activity	trying new food
user18346	like_food	all
user18347	favorite_food	mexican food
user18347	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18347	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18347	has_profession	construction worker
user18348	like_music	britney spears
user18348	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18348	like_activity	shopping
user18348	has_hobby	diet
user18349	other	vegan
user18349	attend_school	high school
user18349	like_general	purple
user18349	physical_attribute	brunette
user18350	like_sports	running
user18350	other	vegetarian
user18350	like_general	blue
user18350	marital_status	married
user18350	gender	female
user18351	like_food	ice cream
user18351	have_chidren	3 children
user18351	has_profession	plumber
user18351	marital_status	married
user18352	has_profession	teacher
user18352	has_hobby	board games
user18352	favorite_music_artist	up
user18352	like_goto	beach
user18353	have_pet	fish
user18353	like_activity	hiking
user18353	favorite_color	orange
user18353	has_age	18
user18353	marital_status	single
user18354	has_profession	athlete
user18354	has_hobby	volunteer
user18354	has_hobby	volunteer
user18354	like_activity	working out
user18354	misc_attribute	social
user18355	has_profession	0 musician
user18355	place_origin	the industryy
user18355	has_ability	play instrument
user18355	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18356	has_profession	waitress
user18356	own	motorbike helmet
user18356	have	skin
user18356	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18357	like_music	country
user18357	have_pet	1 cow
user18357	employed_by_general	farm
user18357	has_profession	electrician
user18357	live_in_general	the country
user18358	favorite_color	grey
user18358	employed_by_general	postal service
user18358	dislike	scorpions
user18358	have_pet	dog
user18359	like_watching	1 sport
user18359	have_pet	3 dog
user18359	has_profession	dog walker
user18359	other	polyamorous relationship
user18360	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18360	like_food	taco
user18360	have_sibling	1 brother
user18360	have_family	3 sister
user18361	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18361	want	rollys royce ghost
user18361	has_hobby	shopping
user18362	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18362	have_pet	dog
user18362	employed_by_general	school
user18362	gender	female
user18363	like_food	donuts
user18363	has_hobby	driving
user18363	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18363	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18363	has_hobby	video games
user18364	has_age	24
user18364	like_goto	eat with friends
user18364	marital_status	engaged
user18364	like_music	taylor swift
user18365	favorite_movie	documentary
user18365	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18365	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18365	have_chidren	1 child
user18365	has_hobby	reading
user18366	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18366	has_hobby	driving
user18366	has_hobby	video games
user18366	like_food	donuts
user18366	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18367	like_general	red
user18367	like_music	classical
user18367	misc_attribute	athletic
user18367	other	christian
user18368	have_chidren	children
user18368	previous_profession	10 human services field
user18368	favorite_movie	horror
user18369	has_profession	dog walker
user18369	school_status	graduate student
user18369	has_hobby	kayaking
user18369	like_read	psychology
user18370	has_hobby	baseball
user18370	have_chidren	5 son
user18370	like_drink	coffee
user18370	own	mini van
user18370	like_drink	red wine
user18371	has_ability	play instrument
user18371	like_music	folk
user18371	has_profession	musician
user18371	has_profession	janitor
user18372	want_do	speak language
user18372	has_profession	musician
user18372	has_ability	speak language
user18372	has_ability	speak language
user18373	has_ability	dance
user18373	have_pet	dog
user18373	dislike	fashion
user18373	attend_school	chemistry
user18374	have_family	0 close
user18374	other	name is george
user18374	favorite_food	papaya
user18374	has_profession	farmer
user18375	have_pet	cat
user18375	have_pet	5 cat
user18375	has_profession	construction worker
user18375	like_activity	building houses
user18376	want_job	programmer
user18376	has_hobby	swimming
user18376	favorite_music	death metal
user18377	live_in_general	prison
user18377	want_do	shoplift
user18377	has_age	old
user18378	favorite_food	mexican food
user18378	has_profession	construction worker
user18378	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18378	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18379	has_hobby	fishing
user18379	like_read	comics
user18379	like_general	cooking
user18379	like_general	spiderman
user18380	has_hobby	gardening
user18380	job_status	employed
user18380	other	was adopted at a young age
user18380	dislike	clowns
user18381	misc_attribute	helpful
user18381	favorite_color	navy blue
user18381	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18381	has_hobby	volunteering
user18381	previous_profession	military
user18382	other	health
user18382	has_hobby	running
user18382	job_status	employed
user18383	have	solar panels
user18383	other	only eat organic food
user18383	misc_attribute	feminist
user18383	like_general	social media
user18383	like_general	internet browsing
user18384	want_do	retire
user18384	has_profession	librarian
user18384	has_age	60
user18384	like_goto	spain
user18384	like_activity	travel
user18385	have	house in florida
user18385	have_chidren	children
user18385	gender	male
user18385	job_status	employed
user18386	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18386	like_general	character
user18386	like_goto	disney world
user18386	like_activity	singing
user18386	like_goto	playground
user18387	live_in_general	farm
user18387	have_pet	dog
user18387	like_watching	comedy
user18388	has_profession	librarian
user18388	has_age	60
user18388	like_goto	spain
user18388	want_do	retire
user18389	like_goto	playground
user18389	like_goto	disney world
user18389	like_general	character
user18389	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18390	have	solar panels
user18390	other	only eat organic food
user18390	like_general	internet browsing
user18390	like_general	social media
user18390	misc_attribute	feminist
user18391	misc_attribute	athletic
user18391	like_general	red
user18391	other	christian
user18391	like_music	classical
user18392	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user18392	favorite_music	country
user18392	like_activity	mechanics
user18392	have_pet	2 dog
user18393	misc_attribute	talented
user18393	physical_attribute	transplant
user18393	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18393	gender	male
user18393	have	powers
user18394	want	dog
user18394	like_general	talking
user18394	like_activity	singing
user18394	like_food	chocolate
user18394	has_age	4
user18395	marital_status	married
user18395	gender	female
user18395	like_general	blue
user18395	other	vegetarian
user18395	like_sports	running
user18396	<blank>	<blank>
user18396	marital_status	single
user18396	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18396	has_hobby	gym
user18396	job_status	employed
user18397	like_activity	dance
user18397	other	was born in somalia
user18397	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18397	have_family	aunt
user18397	marital_status	married
user18398	have_chidren	2 children
user18398	want_do	take over the world
user18398	has_age	56
user18398	has_profession	housekeeper
user18399	has_age	old
user18399	want_do	shoplift
user18399	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18400	has_profession	nurse
user18400	has_hobby	walking
user18400	favorite	way to relax
user18400	like_goto	disneyland
user18400	like_activity	spending time
user18401	like_music	rock
user18401	misc_attribute	helpful
user18401	have_pet	3 horse
user18401	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18402	want_job	physical therapist
user18402	has_hobby	running
user18402	attend_school	high school
user18402	school_status	straight
user18403	has_hobby	volunteer
user18403	has_profession	athlete
user18403	has_hobby	volunteer
user18403	like_activity	working out
user18403	misc_attribute	social
user18404	has_age	40
user18404	job_status	employed
user18404	have_family	wife
user18404	dislike	0 my job
user18404	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18405	like_music	britney spears
user18405	like_activity	shopping
user18405	has_hobby	diet
user18405	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18406	has_profession	0 musician
user18406	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18406	like_goto	park
user18406	has_ability	play instrument
user18406	place_origin	the industryy
user18407	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18407	favorite	toy
user18407	like_music	new kids on the block
user18407	other	born in 80s
user18408	dislike	job
user18408	member_of	buddhism
user18408	misc_attribute	quiet
user18408	like_activity	meditation
user18408	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18409	has_profession	athlete
user18409	has_hobby	working out
user18409	favorite_color	yellow
user18409	like_sports	gymnastics
user18409	like_food	italian cuisine
user18410	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18410	school_status	did not graduate
user18410	employed_by_general	army
user18410	favorite_food	schawarma
user18411	has_age	12
user18411	like_general	pobox
user18411	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18411	misc_attribute	lonely
user18411	dislike	school
user18412	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18412	has_profession	tennis player
user18412	marital_status	doctor
user18412	live_in_general	house
user18413	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18413	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18413	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18413	have_pet	cat
user18414	has_age	40
user18414	have_family	wife
user18414	job_status	employed
user18414	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18414	dislike	0 my job
user18415	like_goto	spain
user18415	has_age	60
user18415	has_profession	librarian
user18415	want_do	retire
user18416	misc_attribute	athletic
user18416	like_music	classical
user18416	like_general	red
user18416	other	christian
user18417	like_goto	eat with friends
user18417	teach	kindergarten
user18417	has_age	24
user18417	marital_status	engaged
user18418	physical_attribute	small
user18418	have	superpowers
user18418	misc_attribute	lonely
user18418	live_in_general	cloud
user18418	like_activity	stopping time
user18419	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18419	want	rollys royce ghost
user18419	has_hobby	shopping
user18419	like_general	shopping
user18420	like_general	skinny jeans
user18420	physical_attribute	blonde
user18420	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18421	like_activity	hiking
user18421	have_pet	fish
user18421	has_age	18
user18421	favorite_color	orange
user18421	marital_status	single
user18422	like_general	play
user18422	have	friend
user18422	have_pet	reptile
user18422	has_age	4
user18423	job_status	employed
user18423	like_sports	softball
user18424	dislike	fashion
user18424	attend_school	chemistry
user18424	has_ability	dance
user18424	have_pet	dog
user18425	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18425	has_age	olc
user18425	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user18425	dislike	holidays
user18425	has_hobby	bird watching
user18426	have	friends
user18426	other	dont do drugs
user18426	employed_by_company	burger king
user18427	like_activity	video games
user18427	have	dyed hair
user18427	dislike	blood
user18427	attend_school	university
user18427	want_job	work from home
user18428	like_food	<blank>
user18428	has_hobby	running
user18428	job_status	employed
user18429	like_general	play
user18429	has_age	4
user18429	misc_attribute	lazy
user18429	have	friend
user18429	have_pet	reptile
user18430	dislike	math
user18430	member_of	sports team
user18430	has_age	13
user18431	has_ability	speak language
user18431	want_do	speak language
user18431	has_ability	speak language
user18432	has_hobby	driving
user18432	like_food	donuts
user18432	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18432	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18432	has_hobby	video games
user18433	like_drink	soda
user18433	like_activity	walking
user18433	live_in_general	house
user18433	like_food	hamburgers
user18434	school_status	straight
user18434	attend_school	high school
user18434	has_hobby	running
user18434	want_job	physical therapist
user18434	school_status	student
user18435	like_activity	chess
user18435	has_age	31
user18435	have_pet	2 dog
user18435	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18436	like_food	taco
user18436	have_sibling	1 brother
user18436	have_family	3 sister
user18436	like_animal	dog
user18436	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18437	other	allergy
user18437	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18437	has_hobby	building a robot
user18437	other	famous twitch streamer
user18437	previous_profession	game designer
user18438	other	<blank>
user18438	like_food	kosher
user18438	has_profession	stunt double
user18438	has_hobby	reading
user18439	employed_by_general	school
user18439	like_goto	church
user18439	gender	female
user18439	have_pet	dog
user18439	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18440	like_general	cook paella
user18440	school_status	student
user18440	like_activity	traveling
user18440	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18440	like_food	fish
user18441	other	polyamorous relationship
user18441	has_profession	dog walker
user18441	like_watching	1 sport
user18441	have_pet	3 dog
user18442	marital_status	married
user18442	like_sports	running
user18442	other	vegetarian
user18442	like_general	blue
user18442	gender	female
user18443	want_do	learning
user18443	job_status	employed
user18443	dislike	chicken
user18443	live_in_general	apartment
user18443	physical_attribute	blonde
user18444	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18444	have_pet	dog
user18444	has_hobby	knitting
user18444	like_activity	baking
user18445	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18445	other	recovering alcoholic
user18445	place_origin	farm
user18445	have	medications
user18446	like_food	<blank>
user18446	has_hobby	running
user18446	other	health
user18447	has_hobby	bird watching
user18447	dislike	holidays
user18447	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18447	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user18447	has_age	olc
user18448	school_status	2011 graduated
user18448	place_origin	new york
user18448	school_status	student
user18448	own	bmw
user18449	live_in_general	prison
user18449	want_do	shoplift
user18449	has_age	old
user18449	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18450	has_hobby	gardening
user18450	dislike	clowns
user18450	job_status	employed
user18450	other	was adopted at a young age
user18451	other	only eat organic food
user18451	like_general	internet browsing
user18451	like_general	social media
user18451	misc_attribute	feminist
user18452	like_activity	chess
user18452	like_drink	liquor
user18452	has_age	31
user18452	have_pet	2 dog
user18453	attend_school	university
user18453	marital_status	married
user18453	own	house
user18453	like_food	raw food
user18453	like_music	the rolling stones
user18454	have_sibling	1 brother
user18454	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18454	like_animal	dog
user18454	have_family	3 sister
user18454	like_food	taco
user18455	like_goto	park
user18455	like_movie	friday
user18455	job_status	seeking employment
user18456	like_food	candy
user18456	has_ability	play instrument
user18456	has_ability	speak language
user18456	has_hobby	ping pong
user18457	other	vegetarian
user18457	marital_status	married
user18457	like_sports	running
user18457	gender	female
user18457	like_general	blue
user18458	physical_attribute	small
user18458	have	superpowers
user18458	like_activity	stopping time
user18458	misc_attribute	lonely
user18458	live_in_general	cloud
user18459	job_status	employed
user18459	employed_by_general	school
user18459	own	new home
user18459	have_chidren	step children
user18459	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18460	have_pet	2 dog
user18460	has_hobby	exercising
user18460	has_ability	eating
user18460	physical_attribute	short hair
user18460	like_goto	gym
user18461	like_music	country
user18461	live_in_general	the country
user18461	has_profession	electrician
user18461	employed_by_general	farm
user18461	have_pet	1 cow
user18462	like_activity	hiking
user18462	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18462	have_pet	1 dog
user18462	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18462	has_profession	engineer
user18463	like_activity	walking
user18463	have	1 <blank>
user18463	live_in_general	house
user18463	like_drink	soda
user18464	have	no belief
user18464	physical_attribute	overweight
user18464	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18464	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18465	employed_by_company	burger king
user18465	have_family	mother
user18465	other	dont do drugs
user18466	has_ability	dance
user18466	have_pet	dog
user18466	dislike	fashion
user18466	dislike	being a disappointment
user18467	like_watching	1 sport
user18467	have_pet	3 dog
user18467	has_profession	dog walker
user18467	other	polyamorous relationship
user18468	like_activity	amusement park
user18468	dislike	swimming
user18468	like_watching	cooking shows
user18468	live_in_general	0 germany
user18469	marital_status	married
user18469	other	was born in somalia
user18469	have_family	aunt
user18469	like_activity	dance
user18470	own	library
user18470	has_profession	tour guide
user18470	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18470	like_drink	tea
user18471	has_hobby	knitting
user18471	like_activity	baking
user18471	misc_attribute	fearful
user18471	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18472	dislike	scorpions
user18472	favorite_color	grey
user18472	employed_by_general	postal service
user18473	have_pet	3 dog
user18473	has_profession	dog walker
user18473	other	polyamorous relationship
user18473	like_watching	1 sport
user18474	has_age	60
user18474	like_activity	travel
user18474	has_profession	librarian
user18474	like_goto	spain
user18475	like_activity	dance
user18475	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18475	other	was born in somalia
user18475	marital_status	married
user18475	have_family	aunt
user18476	like_general	play
user18476	have	friend
user18476	misc_attribute	lazy
user18476	have_pet	reptile
user18477	have_pet	3 horse
user18477	misc_attribute	helpful
user18477	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18478	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18478	member_of	buddhism
user18478	dislike	job
user18478	like_activity	meditation
user18479	have_pet	dog
user18479	like_goto	church
user18479	employed_by_general	school
user18479	gender	female
user18480	has_hobby	walking
user18480	like_activity	spending time
user18480	like_goto	disneyland
user18480	favorite	way to relax
user18481	like_general	character
user18481	like_goto	playground
user18481	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18481	like_activity	singing
user18481	like_goto	disney world
user18482	have	no belief
user18482	physical_attribute	overweight
user18482	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18482	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18483	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18483	have	medications
user18483	other	recovering alcoholic
user18483	place_origin	farm
user18484	have	broken arm
user18484	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18484	like_general	wearing a hat
user18485	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18485	has_profession	0 musician
user18485	like_goto	park
user18485	place_origin	the industryy
user18486	has_hobby	exercising
user18486	like_goto	gym
user18486	physical_attribute	short hair
user18486	have_pet	2 dog
user18487	like_music	britney spears
user18487	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18487	like_activity	tanning
user18487	like_activity	shopping
user18488	other	recovering alcoholic
user18488	place_origin	farm
user18488	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18488	has_age	45
user18488	have	medications
user18489	other	polyamorous relationship
user18489	has_profession	dog walker
user18489	like_watching	1 sport
user18490	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18490	has_profession	recording engineer
user18490	has_age	46
user18490	like_general	being indoors
user18491	employed_by_general	army
user18491	favorite_food	schawarma
user18491	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18491	school_status	did not graduate
user18492	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18492	has_age	12
user18492	like_general	pobox
user18492	dislike	school
user18493	have_pet	dog
user18493	misc_attribute	fearful
user18493	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18493	has_hobby	knitting
user18493	like_activity	baking
user18494	favorite	toy
user18494	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18494	like_music	hip hop
user18494	other	born in 80s
user18494	like_music	new kids on the block
user18495	has_profession	stunt double
user18495	other	<blank>
user18495	like_food	kosher
user18495	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user18496	has_ability	produce
user18496	have_pet	named charlie
user18496	favorite_food	pizza
user18496	<blank>	<blank>
user18496	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18497	like_music	taylor swift
user18497	has_age	24
user18497	marital_status	engaged
user18497	like_goto	eat with friends
user18498	school_status	2011 graduated
user18498	place_origin	new york
user18498	own	bmw
user18499	have_family	3 sister
user18499	have_sibling	1 brother
user18499	like_food	taco
user18499	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user18499	like_animal	dog
user18500	has_profession	construction worker
user18500	have_pet	cat
user18500	have_pet	5 cat
user18500	like_activity	building houses
user18501	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18501	like_drink	coffee
user18501	dislike	pink
user18501	like_drink	liquor
user18502	other	christian
user18502	misc_attribute	athletic
user18502	like_general	red
user18502	like_music	classical
user18503	like_music	new kids on the block
user18503	like_music	hip hop
user18503	other	born in 80s
user18503	favorite	toy
user18504	has_hobby	kayaking
user18504	like_read	psychology
user18504	school_status	graduate student
user18505	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18505	like_activity	hiking
user18505	have_pet	1 dog
user18505	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18505	has_profession	engineer
user18506	have	1 <blank>
user18506	live_in_general	house
user18506	like_drink	soda
user18506	like_food	hamburgers
user18506	like_activity	walking
user18507	has_ability	play instrument
user18507	has_ability	speak language
user18507	has_hobby	ping pong
user18508	own	new home
user18508	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18508	employed_by_general	school
user18508	job_status	employed
user18508	have_chidren	step children
user18509	have	superpowers
user18509	live_in_general	cloud
user18509	misc_attribute	lonely
user18509	like_activity	stopping time
user18509	physical_attribute	small
user18510	own	motorbike helmet
user18510	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18510	have	skin
user18510	like_activity	racing
user18511	has_age	24
user18511	teach	kindergarten
user18511	like_goto	eat with friends
user18511	like_music	taylor swift
user18511	marital_status	engaged
user18512	like_goto	the city
user18512	has_ability	play instrument
user18512	has_profession	pianist
user18512	has_hobby	volunteer
user18513	has_age	4
user18513	want	dog
user18513	like_food	chocolate
user18513	like_activity	singing
user18514	like_goto	gym
user18514	has_hobby	exercising
user18514	physical_attribute	short hair
user18514	has_ability	eating
user18514	have_pet	2 dog
user18515	job_status	employed
user18515	live_in_general	apartment
user18515	physical_attribute	blonde
user18515	want_do	learning
user18515	dislike	chicken
user18516	has_ability	dance
user18516	have_pet	dog
user18516	dislike	fashion
user18516	dislike	being a disappointment
user18516	attend_school	chemistry
user18517	dislike	school
user18517	has_age	12
user18517	like_general	pobox
user18517	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18517	misc_attribute	lonely
user18518	has_hobby	gardening
user18518	own	library
user18518	has_profession	tour guide
user18518	like_drink	tea
user18519	like_activity	horseback riding
user18519	attend_school	high school
user18519	like_general	purple
user18519	physical_attribute	brunette
user18519	other	vegan
user18520	marital_status	doctor
user18520	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18520	has_profession	tennis player
user18520	live_in_general	house
user18521	like_sports	softball
user18521	has_profession	insurance
user18521	job_status	employed
user18522	dislike	school
user18522	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18522	has_age	12
user18522	like_general	pobox
user18523	has_age	old
user18523	want_do	shoplift
user18523	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18523	live_in_general	prison
user18524	own	library
user18524	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18524	has_profession	tour guide
user18524	like_drink	tea
user18525	like_music	country
user18525	employed_by_general	farm
user18525	has_profession	electrician
user18525	live_in_general	the country
user18525	have_pet	1 cow
user18526	misc_attribute	quiet
user18526	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18526	like_activity	meditation
user18526	member_of	buddhism
user18527	like_activity	trying new food
user18527	like_food	all
user18527	like_activity	cooking
user18527	has_hobby	traveling
user18528	has_hobby	volunteer
user18528	has_profession	athlete
user18528	like_activity	working out
user18528	has_hobby	volunteer
user18528	misc_attribute	social
user18529	misc_attribute	athletic
user18529	like_general	red
user18529	like_music	classical
user18530	gender	male
user18530	have_chidren	children
user18530	job_status	employed
user18531	want_do	learning
user18531	physical_attribute	blonde
user18531	live_in_general	apartment
user18531	job_status	employed
user18532	favorite	toy
user18532	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18532	like_music	hip hop
user18532	like_music	new kids on the block
user18533	like_food	raw food
user18533	own	house
user18533	like_music	the rolling stones
user18533	attend_school	university
user18534	dislike	math
user18534	member_of	sports team
user18534	attend_school	<blank>
user18534	has_age	13
user18535	like_activity	baking
user18535	have_pet	dog
user18535	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18535	has_hobby	knitting
user18536	gender	male
user18536	misc_attribute	talented
user18536	physical_attribute	transplant
user18536	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18537	marital_status	single
user18537	job_status	employed
user18537	<blank>	<blank>
user18537	has_hobby	gym
user18538	like_activity	stopping time
user18538	misc_attribute	lonely
user18538	live_in_general	cloud
user18538	physical_attribute	small
user18539	like_music	country
user18539	have_pet	1 cow
user18539	employed_by_general	farm
user18539	live_in_general	the country
user18540	favorite_movie	horror
user18540	previous_profession	10 human services field
user18540	have_chidren	children
user18540	have_chidren	son
user18541	job_status	retired
user18541	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18541	live_in_general	north
user18541	like_activity	grilling
user18542	has_profession	tennis player
user18542	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18542	live_in_general	house
user18543	dislike	pink
user18543	like_drink	coffee
user18543	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18544	own	bmw
user18544	school_status	student
user18544	school_status	2011 graduated
user18544	place_origin	new york
user18545	live_in_general	prison
user18545	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18545	has_age	old
user18546	other	remember when people had no television
user18546	like_drink	wine
user18546	misc_attribute	strong
user18546	has_age	100
user18546	physical_attribute	immortal
user18547	other	born in 80s
user18547	like_music	hip hop
user18547	favorite	toy
user18547	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18547	like_music	new kids on the block
user18548	have_pet	1 dog
user18548	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18548	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18548	has_profession	engineer
user18549	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18549	employed_by_general	army
user18549	school_status	did not graduate
user18549	favorite_food	schawarma
user18550	has_hobby	diet
user18550	like_activity	tanning
user18550	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18550	like_activity	shopping
user18550	like_music	britney spears
user18551	like_animal	cat
user18551	own	gold medal
user18551	like_food	ice cream
user18551	have	1000 hats
user18552	other	name is george
user18552	have_family	0 close
user18552	favorite_food	papaya
user18552	marital_status	married
user18552	has_profession	farmer
user18553	like_activity	tanning
user18553	like_music	britney spears
user18553	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18553	like_activity	shopping
user18554	like_food	all
user18554	like_activity	cooking
user18554	like_activity	trying new food
user18554	has_hobby	traveling
user18555	misc_attribute	quiet
user18555	like_activity	meditation
user18555	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18555	dislike	job
user18556	has_hobby	shopping
user18556	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user18556	like_general	shopping
user18557	school_status	student
user18557	place_origin	new york
user18557	own	bmw
user18557	school_status	2011 graduated
user18558	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18558	like_music	new kids on the block
user18558	other	born in 80s
user18558	like_music	hip hop
user18558	favorite	toy
user18559	like_goto	the city
user18559	has_profession	pianist
user18559	has_ability	play instrument
user18559	has_hobby	volunteer
user18560	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18560	has_profession	tennis player
user18560	live_in_general	house
user18561	has_hobby	gardening
user18561	like_drink	tea
user18561	has_profession	tour guide
user18561	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18562	want_do	learning
user18562	physical_attribute	blonde
user18562	live_in_general	apartment
user18562	dislike	chicken
user18562	job_status	employed
user18563	like_music	new kids on the block
user18563	other	born in 80s
user18563	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18563	like_music	hip hop
user18564	has_hobby	volunteer
user18564	misc_attribute	social
user18564	has_profession	athlete
user18564	has_hobby	volunteer
user18565	live_in_general	horse farm
user18565	have_pet	horse
user18565	place_origin	small town
user18565	want_do	0 move
user18566	like_food	ice cream
user18566	like_activity	park
user18566	marital_status	married
user18566	has_profession	plumber
user18567	have_chidren	3 children
user18567	marital_status	married
user18567	has_profession	plumber
user18567	like_food	ice cream
user18567	like_activity	park
user18568	has_hobby	diet
user18568	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18568	like_music	britney spears
user18568	like_activity	tanning
user18568	like_activity	shopping
user18569	has_hobby	gym
user18569	job_status	employed
user18569	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18569	<blank>	<blank>
user18570	have	house in florida
user18570	gender	male
user18570	have_chidren	children
user18571	has_profession	farmer
user18571	favorite_food	papaya
user18571	marital_status	married
user18571	have_family	0 close
user18572	misc_attribute	fearful
user18572	has_hobby	knitting
user18572	have_pet	dog
user18572	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18573	has_profession	dog walker
user18573	has_hobby	kayaking
user18573	like_read	psychology
user18574	like_music	taylor swift
user18574	like_goto	eat with friends
user18574	marital_status	engaged
user18574	teach	kindergarten
user18574	has_age	24
user18575	like_goto	gym
user18575	physical_attribute	short hair
user18575	have_pet	2 dog
user18575	has_hobby	exercising
user18576	have	friends
user18576	employed_by_company	burger king
user18576	have_family	mother
user18576	other	dont do drugs
user18577	has_age	40
user18577	dislike	0 my job
user18577	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18577	job_status	employed
user18578	live_in_general	prison
user18578	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18578	has_age	old
user18579	physical_attribute	blonde
user18579	job_status	employed
user18579	live_in_general	apartment
user18579	want_do	learning
user18579	dislike	chicken
user18580	like_goto	playground
user18580	like_activity	singing
user18580	like_general	character
user18580	like_goto	disney world
user18580	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18581	has_hobby	exercising
user18581	physical_attribute	short hair
user18581	has_ability	eating
user18581	have_pet	2 dog
user18581	like_goto	gym
user18582	like_drink	soda
user18582	have	1 <blank>
user18582	live_in_general	house
user18582	like_food	hamburgers
user18583	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18583	like_general	cook paella
user18583	like_activity	traveling
user18583	school_status	student
user18583	like_food	fish
user18584	has_profession	waitress
user18584	have	skin
user18584	like_activity	racing
user18584	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18584	own	motorbike helmet
user18585	like_music	folk
user18585	has_profession	janitor
user18585	has_ability	play instrument
user18585	has_profession	musician
user18586	dislike	scorpions
user18586	favorite_color	grey
user18586	employed_by_general	postal service
user18587	like_sports	gymnastics
user18587	has_hobby	working out
user18587	favorite_color	yellow
user18587	has_profession	athlete
user18588	favorite_food	papaya
user18588	marital_status	married
user18588	have_family	0 close
user18588	has_profession	farmer
user18588	other	name is george
user18589	like_activity	mechanics
user18589	have_pet	2 dog
user18589	favorite_music	country
user18589	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user18590	other	was poor growing up
user18590	previous_profession	teacher
user18590	has_hobby	volunteer
user18590	like_watching	war
user18591	previous_profession	game designer
user18591	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18591	other	famous twitch streamer
user18591	has_hobby	building a robot
user18592	have_pet	3 dog
user18592	other	polyamorous relationship
user18592	has_profession	dog walker
user18593	other	vegan
user18593	like_general	purple
user18593	physical_attribute	brunette
user18593	like_activity	horseback riding
user18593	attend_school	high school
user18594	have_sibling	1 sister
user18594	want_job	restauranteur
user18594	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18594	like_sports	basketball
user18595	like_general	social media
user18595	other	only eat organic food
user18595	like_general	internet browsing
user18595	misc_attribute	feminist
user18596	own	home
user18596	other	omnivore
user18596	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18597	has_hobby	volunteer
user18597	has_hobby	volunteer
user18597	like_activity	working out
user18597	has_profession	athlete
user18597	misc_attribute	social
user18598	other	health
user18598	has_hobby	running
user18598	job_status	employed
user18598	like_food	<blank>
user18599	has_age	4
user18599	like_food	chocolate
user18599	want	dog
user18599	like_activity	singing
user18600	like_activity	baking
user18600	has_hobby	knitting
user18600	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18600	misc_attribute	fearful
user18600	have_pet	dog
user18601	live_in_general	the country
user18601	like_music	country
user18601	has_profession	electrician
user18601	employed_by_general	farm
user18602	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18602	has_profession	engineer
user18602	have_pet	1 dog
user18602	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18603	like_food	raw food
user18603	attend_school	university
user18603	marital_status	married
user18603	own	house
user18604	has_hobby	reading
user18604	favorite_movie	documentary
user18604	have_chidren	1 child
user18604	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18604	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18605	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18605	have	no belief
user18605	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18605	physical_attribute	overweight
user18606	have_pet	horse
user18606	place_origin	small town
user18606	live_in_general	horse farm
user18606	want_do	0 move
user18606	want_job	lawyer
user18607	has_age	46
user18607	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18607	has_profession	recording engineer
user18607	like_general	being indoors
user18608	have_pet	2 dog
user18608	like_drink	liquor
user18608	like_activity	chess
user18608	has_age	31
user18609	school_status	did not graduate
user18609	employed_by_general	army
user18609	favorite_food	schawarma
user18609	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18610	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user18610	has_hobby	bird watching
user18610	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18610	has_age	olc
user18611	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18611	like_general	skinny jeans
user18611	physical_attribute	skinny
user18611	physical_attribute	blonde
user18612	own	gold medal
user18612	have	1000 hats
user18612	like_food	ice cream
user18612	like_animal	cat
user18613	has_profession	chef
user18613	like_read	comics
user18613	has_hobby	fishing
user18613	like_general	cooking
user18614	other	only eat organic food
user18614	like_general	social media
user18614	like_general	internet browsing
user18614	misc_attribute	feminist
user18615	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18615	like_general	wearing a hat
user18615	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18616	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18616	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18616	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18616	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18616	have_pet	cat
user18617	like_goto	spain
user18617	has_profession	librarian
user18617	has_age	60
user18617	want_do	retire
user18618	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18618	have_family	aunt
user18618	other	was born in somalia
user18618	marital_status	married
user18618	like_activity	dance
user18619	like_activity	working out
user18619	has_hobby	volunteer
user18619	has_profession	athlete
user18619	misc_attribute	social
user18619	has_hobby	volunteer
user18620	other	polyamorous relationship
user18620	have_pet	3 dog
user18620	like_watching	1 sport
user18621	like_music	folk
user18621	has_profession	musician
user18621	has_ability	play instrument
user18621	has_profession	janitor
user18622	other	health
user18622	job_status	employed
user18622	like_food	<blank>
user18623	job_status	employed
user18623	have_chidren	children
user18623	gender	male
user18623	have	house in florida
user18624	like_food	donuts
user18624	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18624	has_hobby	video games
user18624	has_hobby	driving
user18624	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18625	gender	female
user18625	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18625	like_goto	church
user18625	employed_by_general	school
user18626	has_hobby	volunteer
user18626	has_profession	pianist
user18626	has_ability	play instrument
user18626	like_goto	the city
user18627	have_family	mother
user18627	other	dont do drugs
user18627	employed_by_company	burger king
user18628	previous_profession	game designer
user18628	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18628	has_hobby	building a robot
user18628	other	famous twitch streamer
user18629	have_pet	1 dog
user18629	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18629	like_activity	hiking
user18629	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18629	has_profession	engineer
user18630	misc_attribute	fearful
user18630	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18630	have_pet	dog
user18630	like_activity	baking
user18631	like_general	red
user18631	like_music	classical
user18631	misc_attribute	athletic
user18631	other	christian
user18632	marital_status	single
user18632	favorite_color	orange
user18632	have_pet	fish
user18632	like_activity	hiking
user18632	has_age	18
user18633	other	was born in somalia
user18633	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18633	have_family	aunt
user18633	marital_status	married
user18634	dislike	job
user18634	like_activity	meditation
user18634	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18634	member_of	buddhism
user18635	like_music	the rolling stones
user18635	marital_status	married
user18635	like_food	raw food
user18635	own	house
user18635	attend_school	university
user18636	have_pet	3 horse
user18636	misc_attribute	helpful
user18636	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18636	like_music	rock
user18637	like_watching	comedy
user18637	have_pet	dog
user18637	live_in_general	farm
user18638	dislike	0 my job
user18638	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18638	have_family	wife
user18638	job_status	employed
user18639	like_watching	cooking shows
user18639	live_in_general	0 germany
user18639	dislike	swimming
user18639	like_activity	amusement park
user18639	other	vegan
user18640	favorite_music_artist	up
user18640	has_hobby	board games
user18640	has_profession	teacher
user18640	like_goto	beach
user18641	has_hobby	building a robot
user18641	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18641	other	famous twitch streamer
user18641	other	allergy
user18642	favorite_color	navy blue
user18642	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18642	misc_attribute	helpful
user18642	has_hobby	volunteering
user18643	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18643	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18643	have	broken arm
user18643	like_general	wearing a hat
user18644	like_drink	red wine
user18644	has_hobby	baseball
user18644	have_chidren	5 son
user18644	like_drink	coffee
user18645	own	home
user18645	other	omnivore
user18645	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18645	employed_by_company	bank
user18646	like_general	purple
user18646	like_activity	horseback riding
user18646	attend_school	high school
user18646	other	vegan
user18647	dislike	blood
user18647	like_activity	video games
user18647	want_job	work from home
user18647	have	dyed hair
user18648	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18648	like_general	wearing a hat
user18648	have	broken arm
user18649	have	no belief
user18649	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18649	physical_attribute	overweight
user18649	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18650	has_profession	insurance
user18650	job_status	employed
user18651	has_age	13
user18651	attend_school	<blank>
user18651	dislike	math
user18651	member_of	sports team
user18652	other	was born in somalia
user18652	have_family	aunt
user18652	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18652	marital_status	married
user18653	school_status	student
user18653	school_status	straight
user18653	has_hobby	running
user18653	want_job	physical therapist
user18653	attend_school	high school
user18654	like_activity	meditation
user18654	misc_attribute	quiet
user18654	dislike	job
user18654	member_of	buddhism
user18655	misc_attribute	feminist
user18655	have	solar panels
user18655	other	only eat organic food
user18655	like_general	internet browsing
user18655	like_general	social media
user18656	like_food	italian cuisine
user18656	favorite_color	yellow
user18656	has_profession	athlete
user18656	has_hobby	working out
user18656	like_sports	gymnastics
user18657	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18657	has_age	31
user18657	have_pet	2 dog
user18657	like_activity	chess
user18658	like_activity	party
user18658	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18658	other	fear of heights
user18658	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18658	have_pet	1 cat
user18659	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18659	have_pet	1 cat
user18659	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18659	like_activity	party
user18660	have_pet	dog
user18660	has_ability	dance
user18660	dislike	fashion
user18660	attend_school	chemistry
user18660	dislike	being a disappointment
user18661	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18661	has_hobby	volunteering
user18661	misc_attribute	helpful
user18661	previous_profession	military
user18662	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18662	like_music	britney spears
user18662	like_activity	tanning
user18662	like_activity	shopping
user18662	has_hobby	diet
user18663	has_hobby	volunteer
user18663	other	was poor growing up
user18663	like_watching	war
user18664	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18664	school_status	student
user18664	like_general	cook paella
user18664	like_food	fish
user18664	like_activity	traveling
user18665	like_general	purple
user18665	attend_school	high school
user18665	other	vegan
user18665	like_activity	horseback riding
user18665	physical_attribute	brunette
user18666	has_profession	electrician
user18666	employed_by_general	farm
user18666	like_music	country
user18666	have_pet	1 cow
user18667	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18667	like_activity	hiking
user18667	has_profession	engineer
user18667	have_pet	1 dog
user18668	like_activity	baking
user18668	have_pet	dog
user18668	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18668	misc_attribute	fearful
user18668	has_hobby	knitting
user18669	have_pet	named charlie
user18669	favorite_food	pizza
user18669	<blank>	<blank>
user18669	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18670	like_activity	grilling
user18670	job_status	retired
user18670	live_in_general	north
user18670	like_activity	gambling
user18670	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18671	have	1000 hats
user18671	own	gold medal
user18671	like_food	ice cream
user18671	like_animal	cat
user18672	favorite_music_artist	up
user18672	has_hobby	board games
user18672	like_goto	beach
user18672	has_profession	teacher
user18673	school_status	student
user18673	like_general	cook paella
user18673	like_food	fish
user18673	like_activity	traveling
user18673	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18674	has_ability	eating
user18674	like_goto	gym
user18674	physical_attribute	short hair
user18674	has_hobby	exercising
user18674	have_pet	2 dog
user18675	physical_attribute	short hair
user18675	has_hobby	exercising
user18675	has_ability	eating
user18675	like_goto	gym
user18675	have_pet	2 dog
user18676	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18676	like_general	cook paella
user18676	school_status	student
user18676	like_activity	traveling
user18677	have	superpowers
user18677	misc_attribute	lonely
user18677	like_activity	stopping time
user18677	physical_attribute	small
user18677	live_in_general	cloud
user18678	like_music	taylor swift
user18678	marital_status	engaged
user18678	has_age	24
user18678	like_goto	eat with friends
user18678	teach	kindergarten
user18679	like_sports	gymnastics
user18679	favorite_color	yellow
user18679	like_food	italian cuisine
user18679	has_hobby	working out
user18679	has_profession	athlete
user18680	have_chidren	children
user18680	favorite_movie	horror
user18680	have_chidren	son
user18681	has_profession	teacher
user18681	like_goto	beach
user18681	has_hobby	board games
user18681	favorite_music_artist	up
user18682	like_activity	singing
user18682	like_goto	disney world
user18682	like_goto	playground
user18682	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18682	like_general	character
user18683	like_music	folk
user18683	has_profession	musician
user18683	has_profession	janitor
user18683	has_ability	play instrument
user18684	has_profession	construction worker
user18684	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18684	favorite_food	mexican food
user18684	job_status	employed
user18685	like_activity	trying new food
user18685	like_activity	cooking
user18685	have_vehicle	boat
user18685	like_food	all
user18685	has_hobby	traveling
user18686	has_hobby	gardening
user18686	job_status	employed
user18686	other	was adopted at a young age
user18686	dislike	clowns
user18687	want_do	take over the world
user18687	has_profession	housekeeper
user18687	have_chidren	2 children
user18687	has_age	56
user18687	other	used to be pretty
user18688	have_sibling	1 sister
user18688	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18688	want_job	restauranteur
user18688	like_sports	basketball
user18689	<blank>	<blank>
user18689	have_pet	named charlie
user18689	has_ability	produce
user18689	favorite_food	pizza
user18690	misc_attribute	lonely
user18690	dislike	school
user18690	has_age	12
user18690	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18691	previous_profession	football player
user18691	like_movie	starwars
user18691	has_hobby	coffee
user18691	like_activity	reading
user18692	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18692	have_pet	1 cat
user18692	like_activity	party
user18692	other	fear of heights
user18693	favorite_color	orange
user18693	like_activity	hiking
user18693	marital_status	single
user18693	have_pet	fish
user18693	has_age	18
user18694	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18694	like_activity	tanning
user18694	like_activity	shopping
user18694	has_hobby	diet
user18694	like_music	britney spears
user18695	previous_profession	football player
user18695	like_activity	reading
user18695	like_movie	starwars
user18695	has_hobby	coffee
user18696	like_general	cooking
user18696	like_read	comics
user18696	has_profession	chef
user18696	like_general	spiderman
user18696	has_hobby	fishing
user18697	other	christian
user18697	like_general	red
user18697	misc_attribute	athletic
user18697	like_music	classical
user18698	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user18698	like_food	kosher
user18698	other	<blank>
user18698	has_profession	stunt double
user18698	has_hobby	reading
user18699	favorite_food	schawarma
user18699	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18699	employed_by_general	army
user18699	school_status	did not graduate
user18700	employed_by_company	bank
user18700	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18700	other	omnivore
user18700	own	home
user18701	has_profession	recording engineer
user18701	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18701	like_general	being indoors
user18701	has_age	46
user18702	job_status	employed
user18702	have	house in florida
user18702	have_chidren	children
user18702	gender	male
user18703	like_activity	trying new food
user18703	like_food	all
user18703	like_activity	cooking
user18703	have_vehicle	boat
user18704	job_status	employed
user18704	has_profession	insurance
user18705	has_profession	teacher
user18705	favorite_color	red and silver
user18705	has_hobby	photography
user18705	has_ability	3 speak language
user18706	has_hobby	volunteering
user18706	favorite_color	navy blue
user18706	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18706	misc_attribute	helpful
user18707	has_hobby	gym
user18707	marital_status	single
user18707	job_status	employed
user18707	<blank>	<blank>
user18707	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18708	like_sports	softball
user18708	has_profession	insurance
user18708	job_status	employed
user18709	has_profession	waitress
user18709	have	skin
user18709	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18709	like_activity	racing
user18710	has_profession	doctor
user18710	job_status	seeking employment
user18710	like_goto	park
user18711	previous_profession	game designer
user18711	other	famous twitch streamer
user18711	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18711	other	allergy
user18712	misc_attribute	helpful
user18712	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18712	like_music	rock
user18713	have_chidren	3 children
user18713	like_food	ice cream
user18713	like_activity	park
user18713	marital_status	married
user18714	have_pet	dog
user18714	employed_by_general	postal service
user18714	favorite_color	grey
user18714	dislike	scorpions
user18715	has_hobby	baseball
user18715	have_chidren	5 son
user18715	like_drink	coffee
user18715	like_drink	red wine
user18715	own	mini van
user18716	want	dog
user18716	like_food	chocolate
user18716	like_activity	singing
user18716	has_age	4
user18716	like_general	talking
user18717	marital_status	married
user18717	like_food	ice cream
user18717	have_chidren	3 children
user18717	has_profession	plumber
user18717	like_activity	park
user18718	like_activity	amusement park
user18718	other	vegan
user18718	live_in_general	0 germany
user18718	like_watching	cooking shows
user18719	misc_attribute	athletic
user18719	like_music	classical
user18719	like_general	red
user18719	other	christian
user18720	favorite_food	schawarma
user18720	employed_by_general	army
user18720	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user18720	school_status	did not graduate
user18721	have_pet	1 cow
user18721	has_profession	electrician
user18721	like_music	country
user18721	employed_by_general	farm
user18721	live_in_general	the country
user18722	other	dont do drugs
user18722	employed_by_company	burger king
user18722	have	friends
user18723	has_profession	stunt double
user18723	like_food	kosher
user18723	has_hobby	reading
user18723	other	<blank>
user18723	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user18724	like_general	pobox
user18724	dislike	school
user18724	misc_attribute	lonely
user18724	has_age	12
user18725	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18725	like_activity	meditation
user18725	misc_attribute	quiet
user18725	member_of	buddhism
user18725	dislike	job
user18726	has_hobby	coffee
user18726	like_activity	reading
user18726	previous_profession	football player
user18726	like_movie	starwars
user18727	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18727	like_activity	gambling
user18727	like_activity	grilling
user18727	live_in_general	north
user18728	dislike	scorpions
user18728	have_pet	dog
user18728	favorite_color	grey
user18728	employed_by_general	postal service
user18729	has_ability	dance
user18729	dislike	fashion
user18729	attend_school	chemistry
user18729	dislike	being a disappointment
user18730	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18730	employed_by_company	bank
user18730	other	omnivore
user18730	own	home
user18731	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18731	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18731	favorite_food	mexican food
user18731	has_profession	construction worker
user18731	job_status	employed
user18732	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18732	physical_attribute	transplant
user18732	misc_attribute	talented
user18732	gender	male
user18733	attend_school	<blank>
user18733	has_age	13
user18733	member_of	sports team
user18733	dislike	math
user18734	other	was born in somalia
user18734	marital_status	married
user18734	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18734	like_activity	dance
user18735	favorite_color	navy blue
user18735	previous_profession	military
user18735	misc_attribute	helpful
user18735	has_hobby	volunteering
user18735	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18736	gender	female
user18736	employed_by_general	school
user18736	like_goto	church
user18736	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18736	have_pet	dog
user18737	has_ability	play instrument
user18737	like_music	folk
user18737	has_profession	janitor
user18738	has_age	40
user18738	have_family	wife
user18738	dislike	0 my job
user18738	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18738	job_status	employed
user18739	own	library
user18739	has_hobby	gardening
user18739	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18739	has_profession	tour guide
user18739	like_drink	tea
user18740	employed_by_general	farm
user18740	live_in_general	the country
user18740	has_profession	electrician
user18740	like_music	country
user18741	physical_attribute	brunette
user18741	own	nissan pathfinder
user18741	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18741	favorite_music	country
user18741	like_music	taylor swift
user18742	have_pet	2 dog
user18742	like_drink	liquor
user18742	like_activity	chess
user18742	has_age	31
user18742	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18743	own	house
user18743	like_food	raw food
user18743	marital_status	married
user18743	attend_school	university
user18743	like_music	the rolling stones
user18744	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18744	have_pet	1 cat
user18744	other	fear of heights
user18744	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18744	like_activity	party
user18745	like_sports	basketball
user18745	have_sibling	1 sister
user18745	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18746	like_goto	the city
user18746	has_ability	play instrument
user18746	has_profession	pianist
user18746	has_hobby	volunteer
user18747	like_drink	wine
user18747	misc_attribute	strong
user18747	has_age	100
user18747	physical_attribute	immortal
user18747	other	remember when people had no television
user18748	dislike	math
user18748	attend_school	<blank>
user18748	member_of	sports team
user18748	has_age	13
user18749	has_ability	produce
user18749	favorite_food	pizza
user18749	<blank>	<blank>
user18749	have_pet	named charlie
user18749	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18750	dislike	pink
user18750	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18750	like_drink	liquor
user18750	like_drink	coffee
user18751	has_profession	musician
user18751	has_profession	janitor
user18751	like_music	folk
user18752	has_hobby	kayaking
user18752	school_status	graduate student
user18752	like_read	psychology
user18752	has_profession	dog walker
user18753	other	recovering alcoholic
user18753	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18753	has_age	45
user18753	have	medications
user18753	place_origin	farm
user18754	like_goto	the city
user18754	has_ability	play instrument
user18754	has_profession	pianist
user18754	has_hobby	volunteer
user18755	have	1000 hats
user18755	own	gold medal
user18755	like_food	ice cream
user18755	like_animal	cat
user18756	has_hobby	running
user18756	want_job	physical therapist
user18756	attend_school	high school
user18756	school_status	straight
user18756	school_status	student
user18757	like_activity	gambling
user18757	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18757	live_in_general	north
user18757	job_status	retired
user18757	like_activity	grilling
user18758	like_food	candy
user18758	has_ability	play instrument
user18758	has_hobby	ping pong
user18759	other	vegan
user18759	like_watching	cooking shows
user18759	dislike	swimming
user18759	like_activity	amusement park
user18760	have_pet	dog
user18760	live_in_general	farm
user18760	like_watching	sport
user18761	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18761	like_general	wearing a hat
user18761	have	broken arm
user18761	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18762	misc_attribute	athletic
user18762	like_music	classical
user18762	like_general	red
user18762	other	christian
user18763	like_activity	singing
user18763	want	dog
user18763	has_age	4
user18763	like_food	chocolate
user18763	like_general	talking
user18764	misc_attribute	talented
user18764	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user18764	gender	male
user18764	physical_attribute	transplant
user18764	have	powers
user18765	has_ability	dance
user18765	have_pet	dog
user18765	attend_school	chemistry
user18765	dislike	fashion
user18765	dislike	being a disappointment
user18766	has_hobby	gardening
user18766	job_status	employed
user18766	dislike	clowns
user18766	other	was adopted at a young age
user18767	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user18767	live_in_general	north
user18767	like_activity	grilling
user18767	like_activity	gambling
user18767	job_status	retired
user18768	physical_attribute	skinny
user18768	like_general	skinny jeans
user18768	physical_attribute	blonde
user18768	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18769	has_profession	teacher
user18769	has_hobby	photography
user18769	has_ability	3 speak language
user18769	favorite_color	red and silver
user18770	like_activity	hiking
user18770	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18770	have_pet	1 dog
user18770	has_profession	engineer
user18770	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18771	have_chidren	3 children
user18771	like_food	ice cream
user18771	marital_status	married
user18771	has_profession	plumber
user18771	like_activity	park
user18772	like_activity	horseback riding
user18772	attend_school	high school
user18772	like_general	purple
user18772	other	vegan
user18772	physical_attribute	brunette
user18773	favorite_color	orange
user18773	like_activity	hiking
user18773	have_pet	fish
user18773	has_age	18
user18774	<blank>	<blank>
user18774	has_hobby	gym
user18774	marital_status	single
user18774	job_status	employed
user18775	have_pet	2 dog
user18775	favorite_music	country
user18775	like_music	country
user18775	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user18775	like_activity	mechanics
user18776	school_status	2011 graduated
user18776	school_status	student
user18776	own	bmw
user18777	like_general	wearing a hat
user18777	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18777	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18777	have	broken arm
user18778	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18778	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18778	favorite_movie	documentary
user18778	has_hobby	reading
user18778	have_chidren	1 child
user18779	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18779	have_sibling	1 sister
user18779	want_job	restauranteur
user18780	have_chidren	2 children
user18780	want_do	take over the world
user18780	other	used to be pretty
user18780	has_profession	housekeeper
user18780	has_age	56
user18781	physical_attribute	blonde
user18781	want_do	learning
user18781	live_in_general	apartment
user18781	job_status	employed
user18781	dislike	chicken
user18782	like_general	wearing a hat
user18782	have	broken arm
user18782	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18783	like_general	social media
user18783	like_general	internet browsing
user18783	have	solar panels
user18783	other	only eat organic food
user18784	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18784	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18784	have_pet	cat
user18784	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18785	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18785	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18785	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18785	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18785	have_pet	cat
user18786	like_activity	cooking
user18786	like_activity	trying new food
user18786	like_food	all
user18786	has_hobby	traveling
user18787	like_food	fish
user18787	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18787	like_activity	traveling
user18787	school_status	student
user18787	like_general	cook paella
user18788	like_general	purple
user18788	other	vegan
user18788	like_activity	horseback riding
user18788	attend_school	high school
user18788	physical_attribute	brunette
user18789	other	vegan
user18789	physical_attribute	brunette
user18789	attend_school	high school
user18789	like_general	purple
user18790	favorite	toy
user18790	other	born in 80s
user18790	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18790	like_music	hip hop
user18790	like_music	new kids on the block
user18791	want_do	shoplift
user18791	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user18791	live_in_general	prison
user18792	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18792	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18792	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18792	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18793	place_origin	small town
user18793	live_in_general	horse farm
user18793	have_pet	horse
user18793	want_do	0 move
user18793	want_job	lawyer
user18794	dislike	scorpions
user18794	employed_by_general	postal service
user18794	favorite_color	grey
user18794	have_pet	dog
user18795	other	omnivore
user18795	employed_by_company	bank
user18795	own	home
user18796	like_watching	comedy
user18796	live_in_general	farm
user18796	have_pet	dog
user18797	attend_school	chemistry
user18797	have_pet	dog
user18797	dislike	fashion
user18797	dislike	being a disappointment
user18798	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18798	like_goto	park
user18798	place_origin	the industryy
user18798	has_profession	0 musician
user18799	like_activity	stopping time
user18799	have	superpowers
user18799	physical_attribute	small
user18799	misc_attribute	lonely
user18799	live_in_general	cloud
user18800	place_origin	the industryy
user18800	has_profession	0 musician
user18800	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user18800	has_ability	play instrument
user18800	like_goto	park
user18801	dislike	school
user18801	has_age	12
user18801	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18801	misc_attribute	lonely
user18802	has_hobby	volunteering
user18802	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18802	previous_profession	military
user18802	favorite_color	navy blue
user18803	has_ability	speak language
user18803	has_profession	musician
user18803	want_do	speak language
user18804	employed_by_company	burger king
user18804	other	dont do drugs
user18804	have_family	mother
user18804	have	friends
user18805	has_profession	tour guide
user18805	has_hobby	gardening
user18805	like_drink	tea
user18805	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18805	own	library
user18806	have	friend
user18806	have_pet	reptile
user18806	misc_attribute	lazy
user18806	like_general	play
user18806	has_age	4
user18807	have_family	0 close
user18807	other	name is george
user18807	has_profession	farmer
user18807	marital_status	married
user18807	favorite_food	papaya
user18808	has_profession	doctor
user18808	like_movie	friday
user18808	like_goto	park
user18808	job_status	seeking employment
user18809	like_music	britney spears
user18809	has_hobby	diet
user18809	like_activity	shopping
user18809	like_activity	tanning
user18809	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18810	employed_by_general	farm
user18810	live_in_general	the country
user18810	have_pet	1 cow
user18810	has_profession	electrician
user18811	like_general	red
user18811	like_music	classical
user18811	other	christian
user18812	like_general	character
user18812	like_goto	disney world
user18812	like_activity	singing
user18812	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18813	place_origin	new york
user18813	own	bmw
user18813	school_status	student
user18813	school_status	2011 graduated
user18814	dislike	0 my job
user18814	have_family	wife
user18814	has_age	40
user18814	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18814	job_status	employed
user18815	own	nissan pathfinder
user18815	favorite_music	country
user18815	physical_attribute	brunette
user18815	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18815	like_music	taylor swift
user18816	has_hobby	volunteer
user18816	like_watching	war
user18816	previous_profession	teacher
user18816	other	was poor growing up
user18817	other	dont do drugs
user18817	have	friends
user18817	employed_by_company	burger king
user18818	have_pet	3 dog
user18818	has_profession	dog walker
user18818	like_watching	1 sport
user18818	other	polyamorous relationship
user18819	has_profession	athlete
user18819	has_hobby	working out
user18819	favorite_color	yellow
user18819	like_food	italian cuisine
user18820	employed_by_general	farm
user18820	like_music	country
user18820	live_in_general	the country
user18820	have_pet	1 cow
user18820	has_profession	electrician
user18821	like_goto	spain
user18821	like_activity	travel
user18821	want_do	retire
user18821	has_age	60
user18822	<blank>	<blank>
user18822	has_ability	produce
user18822	have_pet	named charlie
user18822	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user18822	favorite_food	pizza
user18823	like_drink	coffee
user18823	own	mini van
user18823	has_hobby	baseball
user18823	have_chidren	5 son
user18824	want_job	programmer
user18824	favorite_music	death metal
user18825	has_ability	speak language
user18825	has_ability	speak language
user18825	want_do	speak language
user18826	own	new home
user18826	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18826	have_chidren	step children
user18826	job_status	employed
user18827	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user18827	like_general	cook paella
user18827	school_status	student
user18827	like_food	fish
user18828	has_hobby	coffee
user18828	like_activity	reading
user18828	like_movie	starwars
user18828	previous_profession	football player
user18829	want_job	restauranteur
user18829	like_sports	basketball
user18829	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18829	have_sibling	1 sister
user18830	like_general	cooking
user18830	like_general	spiderman
user18830	has_profession	chef
user18830	like_read	comics
user18830	has_hobby	fishing
user18831	like_drink	soda
user18831	like_activity	walking
user18831	have	1 <blank>
user18831	live_in_general	house
user18831	like_food	hamburgers
user18832	employed_by_company	burger king
user18832	other	dont do drugs
user18832	have_family	mother
user18832	have	friends
user18833	other	vegetarian
user18833	marital_status	married
user18833	like_sports	running
user18833	gender	female
user18833	like_general	blue
user18834	teach	kindergarten
user18834	like_goto	eat with friends
user18834	like_music	taylor swift
user18834	has_age	24
user18834	marital_status	engaged
user18835	have_chidren	step children
user18835	job_status	employed
user18835	own	new home
user18835	employed_by_general	school
user18836	job_status	retired
user18836	have_chidren	children
user18836	have	cancer
user18836	has_ability	sew
user18837	like_goto	spain
user18837	has_age	60
user18837	want_do	retire
user18837	has_profession	librarian
user18838	other	recovering alcoholic
user18838	have	medications
user18838	has_age	45
user18838	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18838	place_origin	farm
user18839	live_in_general	house
user18839	has_profession	tennis player
user18839	marital_status	doctor
user18839	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18840	<blank>	<blank>
user18840	has_hobby	gym
user18840	job_status	employed
user18840	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18840	marital_status	single
user18841	has_hobby	driving
user18841	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18841	has_hobby	video games
user18841	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18842	marital_status	doctor
user18842	has_profession	tennis player
user18842	live_in_general	house
user18843	place_origin	farm
user18843	have	medications
user18843	other	recovering alcoholic
user18843	has_age	45
user18844	marital_status	married
user18844	like_food	ice cream
user18844	have_chidren	3 children
user18844	has_profession	plumber
user18844	like_activity	park
user18845	marital_status	married
user18845	have_chidren	3 children
user18845	has_profession	plumber
user18845	like_food	ice cream
user18846	other	health
user18846	job_status	employed
user18846	like_food	<blank>
user18846	has_hobby	running
user18847	want_job	programmer
user18847	has_hobby	swimming
user18847	favorite_music	death metal
user18848	favorite_music	country
user18848	own	nissan pathfinder
user18848	like_music	taylor swift
user18848	physical_attribute	brunette
user18849	has_hobby	bird watching
user18849	has_age	olc
user18849	dislike	holidays
user18849	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18850	like_food	chocolate
user18850	has_age	4
user18850	like_general	talking
user18850	like_activity	singing
user18851	like_watching	comedy
user18851	live_in_general	farm
user18851	like_watching	sport
user18851	have_pet	dog
user18852	like_general	wearing a hat
user18852	have	broken arm
user18852	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18852	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18853	favorite_color	grey
user18853	dislike	scorpions
user18853	have_pet	dog
user18854	like_goto	spain
user18854	want_do	retire
user18854	like_activity	travel
user18854	has_profession	librarian
user18854	has_age	60
user18855	marital_status	married
user18855	like_food	ice cream
user18855	has_profession	plumber
user18855	have_chidren	3 children
user18856	like_drink	wine
user18856	other	remember when people had no television
user18856	misc_attribute	strong
user18856	physical_attribute	immortal
user18856	has_age	100
user18857	other	was poor growing up
user18857	has_hobby	volunteer
user18857	like_watching	war
user18858	<blank>	<blank>
user18858	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18858	marital_status	single
user18858	job_status	employed
user18858	has_hobby	gym
user18859	have	1000 hats
user18859	own	gold medal
user18859	like_food	ice cream
user18859	like_animal	cat
user18860	has_profession	plumber
user18860	like_food	ice cream
user18860	marital_status	married
user18860	have_chidren	3 children
user18861	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18861	like_activity	chess
user18861	has_age	31
user18861	have_pet	2 dog
user18861	like_drink	liquor
user18862	attend_school	<blank>
user18862	has_age	13
user18862	dislike	math
user18863	place_origin	farm
user18863	have	medications
user18863	has_age	45
user18863	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18864	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18864	has_hobby	gardening
user18864	own	library
user18864	has_profession	tour guide
user18864	like_drink	tea
user18865	physical_attribute	overweight
user18865	employed_by_general	nursing home
user18865	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18866	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user18866	other	<blank>
user18866	has_hobby	reading
user18866	has_profession	stunt double
user18867	like_activity	hiking
user18867	has_hobby	rock climbing
user18867	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user18867	has_profession	engineer
user18868	has_profession	dog walker
user18868	have_pet	3 dog
user18868	like_watching	1 sport
user18868	other	polyamorous relationship
user18869	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user18869	has_hobby	gym
user18869	marital_status	single
user18869	<blank>	<blank>
user18869	job_status	employed
user18870	other	health
user18870	job_status	employed
user18870	like_food	<blank>
user18870	has_hobby	running
user18871	have_pet	1 cat
user18871	like_activity	party
user18871	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18871	other	fear of heights
user18872	employed_by_general	school
user18872	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18872	own	new home
user18872	job_status	employed
user18872	have_chidren	step children
user18873	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user18873	like_music	country
user18873	like_activity	mechanics
user18873	have_pet	2 dog
user18874	dislike	swimming
user18874	other	vegan
user18874	live_in_general	0 germany
user18874	like_activity	amusement park
user18874	like_watching	cooking shows
user18875	has_hobby	running
user18875	want_job	physical therapist
user18875	attend_school	high school
user18875	school_status	student
user18875	school_status	straight
user18876	employed_by_general	supermarket
user18876	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user18876	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user18876	have_pet	cat
user18876	favorite_music_artist	the who
user18877	has_profession	chef
user18877	like_read	comics
user18877	like_general	cooking
user18877	has_hobby	fishing
user18878	have_pet	dog
user18878	like_activity	baking
user18878	misc_attribute	fearful
user18878	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user18879	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18879	has_age	45
user18879	place_origin	farm
user18879	other	recovering alcoholic
user18879	have	medications
user18880	like_goto	spain
user18880	has_age	60
user18880	want_do	retire
user18880	has_profession	librarian
user18881	other	vegan
user18881	like_watching	cooking shows
user18881	live_in_general	0 germany
user18881	dislike	swimming
user18881	like_activity	amusement park
user18882	like_read	psychology
user18882	school_status	graduate student
user18882	has_profession	dog walker
user18882	has_hobby	kayaking
user18883	like_music	britney spears
user18883	like_activity	shopping
user18883	like_activity	tanning
user18883	has_hobby	diet
user18884	has_age	31
user18884	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18884	like_activity	chess
user18884	like_drink	liquor
user18885	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user18885	favorite_color	navy blue
user18885	has_hobby	volunteering
user18885	previous_profession	military
user18885	misc_attribute	helpful
user18886	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user18886	employed_by_general	school
user18886	gender	female
user18886	like_goto	church
user18886	have_pet	dog
user18887	live_in_general	0 germany
user18887	other	vegan
user18887	like_watching	cooking shows
user18887	dislike	swimming
user18887	like_activity	amusement park
user18888	misc_attribute	strong
user18888	has_age	100
user18888	physical_attribute	immortal
user18888	other	remember when people had no television
user18889	like_food	raw food
user18889	attend_school	university
user18889	like_music	the rolling stones
user18889	marital_status	married
user18890	other	polyamorous relationship
user18890	have_pet	3 dog
user18890	like_watching	1 sport
user18890	has_profession	dog walker
user18891	employed_by_company	bank
user18891	other	omnivore
user18891	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user18892	like_general	spiderman
user18892	like_read	comics
user18892	has_hobby	fishing
user18892	like_general	cooking
user18893	other	only eat organic food
user18893	like_general	internet browsing
user18893	have	solar panels
user18893	misc_attribute	feminist
user18894	member_of	buddhism
user18894	dislike	job
user18894	misc_attribute	quiet
user18894	like_activity	meditation
user18894	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user18895	have_pet	2 dog
user18895	like_activity	chess
user18895	has_age	31
user18895	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18896	like_general	internet browsing
user18896	misc_attribute	feminist
user18896	other	only eat organic food
user18896	have	solar panels
user18897	other	born in 80s
user18897	has_hobby	0 dancing
user18897	like_music	hip hop
user18897	favorite	toy
user18897	like_music	new kids on the block
user18898	have	dyed hair
user18898	want_job	work from home
user18898	like_activity	video games
user18898	attend_school	university
user18899	like_drink	red wine
user18899	has_hobby	baseball
user18899	have_chidren	5 son
user18899	like_drink	coffee
user18899	own	mini van
user18900	dislike	holidays
user18900	has_hobby	bird watching
user18900	has_age	olc
user18900	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18900	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user18901	physical_attribute	transplant
user18901	gender	male
user18901	misc_attribute	talented
user18901	have	powers
user18902	have_chidren	children
user18902	have	cancer
user18902	has_ability	sew
user18902	job_status	retired
user18903	own	house
user18903	attend_school	university
user18903	like_food	raw food
user18903	like_music	the rolling stones
user18903	marital_status	married
user18904	has_hobby	working out
user18904	like_sports	gymnastics
user18904	has_profession	athlete
user18904	like_food	italian cuisine
user18905	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user18905	like_sports	basketball
user18905	want_job	restauranteur
user18905	have_sibling	1 sister
user18906	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18906	marital_status	doctor
user18906	has_profession	tennis player
user18906	live_in_general	house
user18907	physical_attribute	skinny
user18907	physical_attribute	blonde
user18907	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user18907	like_general	skinny jeans
user18908	own	house
user18908	marital_status	married
user18908	like_music	the rolling stones
user18908	attend_school	university
user18908	like_food	raw food
user18909	like_food	<blank>
user18909	has_hobby	running
user18909	other	health
user18909	job_status	employed
user18910	like_drink	coffee
user18910	has_hobby	baseball
user18910	have_chidren	5 son
user18910	own	mini van
user18910	like_drink	red wine
user18911	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18911	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18911	favorite_food	mexican food
user18911	has_profession	construction worker
user18911	job_status	employed
user18912	other	polyamorous relationship
user18912	has_profession	dog walker
user18912	have_pet	3 dog
user18912	like_watching	1 sport
user18913	has_age	46
user18913	like_general	being indoors
user18913	has_profession	recording engineer
user18914	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user18914	job_status	employed
user18914	have_chidren	step children
user18914	employed_by_general	school
user18915	own	library
user18915	has_hobby	gardening
user18915	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user18915	like_drink	tea
user18916	like_music	britney spears
user18916	like_activity	tanning
user18916	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user18916	has_hobby	diet
user18917	has_profession	tennis player
user18917	marital_status	doctor
user18917	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18917	live_in_general	house
user18918	has_ability	play instrument
user18918	has_profession	janitor
user18918	like_music	folk
user18918	has_profession	musician
user18919	has_age	4
user18919	like_general	talking
user18919	want	dog
user18919	like_food	chocolate
user18919	like_activity	singing
user18920	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18920	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18920	like_activity	party
user18920	other	fear of heights
user18920	have_pet	1 cat
user18921	have_pet	3 dog
user18921	like_watching	1 sport
user18921	other	polyamorous relationship
user18921	has_profession	dog walker
user18922	misc_attribute	social
user18922	like_activity	working out
user18922	has_hobby	volunteer
user18922	has_hobby	volunteer
user18922	has_profession	athlete
user18923	has_profession	teacher
user18923	favorite_color	red and silver
user18923	has_hobby	photography
user18924	has_hobby	building a robot
user18924	other	allergy
user18924	previous_profession	game designer
user18924	other	famous twitch streamer
user18924	misc_attribute	reclusive
user18925	favorite_food	mexican food
user18925	has_profession	construction worker
user18925	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18925	job_status	employed
user18925	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18926	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18926	has_hobby	video games
user18926	has_hobby	driving
user18926	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18927	like_sports	softball
user18927	has_profession	insurance
user18928	misc_attribute	animal activist
user18928	dislike	holidays
user18928	has_age	olc
user18928	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user18928	has_hobby	bird watching
user18929	school_status	2011 graduated
user18929	school_status	student
user18929	place_origin	new york
user18929	own	bmw
user18930	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18930	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18930	have_pet	1 cat
user18930	like_activity	party
user18930	other	fear of heights
user18931	other	vegan
user18931	like_general	purple
user18931	like_activity	horseback riding
user18931	physical_attribute	brunette
user18932	like_read	psychology
user18932	has_hobby	kayaking
user18932	has_profession	dog walker
user18932	school_status	graduate student
user18933	has_age	56
user18933	other	used to be pretty
user18933	has_profession	housekeeper
user18933	have_chidren	2 children
user18934	own	nissan pathfinder
user18934	physical_attribute	brunette
user18934	like_music	taylor swift
user18934	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user18934	favorite_music	country
user18935	have	no belief
user18935	physical_attribute	overweight
user18935	favorite_hobby	electronics
user18936	has_profession	recording engineer
user18936	like_general	being indoors
user18936	has_age	46
user18936	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18937	has_hobby	reading
user18937	favorite_movie	documentary
user18937	have_chidren	1 child
user18937	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18937	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18938	job_status	seeking employment
user18938	has_profession	doctor
user18938	like_goto	park
user18938	like_movie	friday
user18939	have_family	wife
user18939	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18939	dislike	0 my job
user18939	has_age	40
user18940	misc_attribute	strong
user18940	other	remember when people had no television
user18940	physical_attribute	immortal
user18940	like_drink	wine
user18941	live_in_general	apartment
user18941	dislike	chicken
user18941	physical_attribute	blonde
user18941	want_do	learning
user18941	job_status	employed
user18942	place_origin	new york
user18942	school_status	2011 graduated
user18942	school_status	student
user18943	favorite	skater rob dryden
user18943	like_general	wearing a hat
user18943	have	broken arm
user18943	has_hobby	skateboarding
user18944	like_music	country
user18944	live_in_general	the country
user18944	has_profession	electrician
user18944	have_pet	1 cow
user18944	employed_by_general	farm
user18945	favorite_food	mexican food
user18945	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user18945	job_status	employed
user18945	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user18945	has_profession	construction worker
user18946	like_music	country
user18946	live_in_general	the country
user18946	employed_by_general	farm
user18946	have_pet	1 cow
user18947	has_ability	3 speak language
user18947	favorite_color	red and silver
user18947	has_profession	teacher
user18947	has_hobby	photography
user18948	like_drink	liquor
user18948	like_drink	coffee
user18948	dislike	pink
user18948	has_hobby	mountain biking
user18949	marital_status	engaged
user18949	teach	kindergarten
user18949	has_age	24
user18949	like_music	taylor swift
user18949	like_goto	eat with friends
user18950	physical_attribute	small
user18950	misc_attribute	lonely
user18950	have	superpowers
user18950	live_in_general	cloud
user18950	like_activity	stopping time
user18951	has_age	old
user18951	want_do	shoplift
user18951	live_in_general	prison
user18952	other	vegan
user18952	attend_school	high school
user18952	like_activity	horseback riding
user18952	like_general	purple
user18953	have_chidren	1 child
user18953	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user18953	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18953	has_hobby	reading
user18954	has_age	46
user18954	like_general	being indoors
user18954	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user18954	has_profession	recording engineer
user18955	has_profession	farmer
user18955	other	name is george
user18955	have_family	0 close
user18955	marital_status	married
user18955	favorite_food	papaya
user18956	have_sibling	1 brother
user18956	like_food	taco
user18956	have_family	3 sister
user18956	like_animal	dog
user18957	job_status	employed
user18957	like_sports	softball
user18957	has_profession	insurance
user18958	has_profession	tennis player
user18958	live_in_general	house
user18958	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18958	marital_status	doctor
user18959	previous_profession	10 human services field
user18959	favorite_movie	horror
user18959	have_chidren	children
user18959	have_chidren	son
user18960	has_hobby	fishing
user18960	like_read	comics
user18960	has_profession	chef
user18960	like_general	cooking
user18961	like_general	purple
user18961	other	vegan
user18961	physical_attribute	brunette
user18961	attend_school	high school
user18961	like_activity	horseback riding
user18962	misc_attribute	strong
user18962	has_age	100
user18962	other	remember when people had no television
user18962	like_drink	wine
user18963	has_ability	play instrument
user18963	like_food	candy
user18963	has_ability	speak language
user18963	has_hobby	ping pong
user18964	live_in_general	house
user18964	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user18964	has_profession	tennis player
user18964	marital_status	doctor
user18965	like_music	country
user18965	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user18965	favorite_music	country
user18965	have_pet	2 dog
user18965	like_activity	mechanics
user18966	misc_attribute	helpful
user18966	like_music	rock
user18966	have_pet	3 horse
user18967	school_status	straight
user18967	attend_school	high school
user18967	want_job	physical therapist
user18967	has_hobby	running
user18968	job_status	employed
user18968	other	health
user18968	like_food	<blank>
user18968	has_hobby	running
user18969	attend_school	<blank>
user18969	dislike	math
user18969	has_age	13
user18969	member_of	sports team
user18970	like_movie	friday
user18970	has_profession	doctor
user18970	like_goto	park
user18970	job_status	seeking employment
user18971	has_age	56
user18971	has_profession	housekeeper
user18971	have_chidren	2 children
user18971	want_do	take over the world
user18972	has_age	45
user18972	other	recovering alcoholic
user18972	have	medications
user18972	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user18973	marital_status	married
user18973	have_chidren	3 children
user18973	like_food	ice cream
user18973	has_profession	plumber
user18973	like_activity	park
user18974	live_in_general	cloud
user18974	physical_attribute	small
user18974	misc_attribute	lonely
user18974	have	superpowers
user18975	have	skin
user18975	own	motorbike helmet
user18975	like_activity	racing
user18975	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user18975	has_profession	waitress
user18976	have_pet	dog
user18976	attend_school	chemistry
user18976	dislike	fashion
user18976	dislike	being a disappointment
user18976	has_ability	dance
user18977	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user18977	has_age	12
user18977	dislike	school
user18977	misc_attribute	lonely
user18977	like_general	pobox
user18978	has_profession	farmer
user18978	have_family	0 close
user18978	other	name is george
user18978	favorite_food	papaya
user18979	attend_school	high school
user18979	like_general	purple
user18979	other	vegan
user18979	physical_attribute	brunette
user18979	like_activity	horseback riding
user18980	has_age	100
user18980	like_drink	wine
user18980	misc_attribute	strong
user18980	physical_attribute	immortal
user18980	other	remember when people had no television
user18981	like_activity	video games
user18981	want_job	work from home
user18981	attend_school	university
user18981	dislike	blood
user18981	have	dyed hair
user18982	like_activity	singing
user18982	like_goto	playground
user18982	like_goto	disney world
user18982	like_general	character
user18982	attend_school	3 elementary school
user18983	like_general	internet browsing
user18983	like_general	social media
user18983	have	solar panels
user18983	misc_attribute	feminist
user18984	has_age	13
user18984	attend_school	<blank>
user18984	member_of	sports team
user18985	have	friend
user18985	have_pet	reptile
user18985	misc_attribute	lazy
user18985	like_general	play
user18985	has_age	4
user18986	has_hobby	video games
user18986	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user18986	like_food	donuts
user18986	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user18986	has_hobby	driving
user18987	have_chidren	1 child
user18987	physical_attribute	pregnant
user18987	has_hobby	reading
user18987	favorite_movie	documentary
user18988	misc_attribute	lonely
user18988	dislike	school
user18988	has_age	12
user18988	like_general	pobox
user18989	dislike	math
user18989	attend_school	<blank>
user18989	has_age	13
user18990	like_watching	sport
user18990	live_in_general	farm
user18990	have_pet	dog
user18990	like_watching	comedy
user18991	have_pet	2 dog
user18991	has_hobby	exercising
user18991	like_goto	gym
user18991	has_ability	eating
user18991	physical_attribute	short hair
user18992	favorite_movie	mean girls
user18992	like_activity	party
user18992	other	fear of heights
user18992	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user18992	have_pet	1 cat
user18993	favorite_music_artist	up
user18993	has_hobby	board games
user18993	like_goto	beach
user18993	has_profession	teacher
user18994	dislike	0 my job
user18994	have_family	wife
user18994	has_age	40
user18994	job_status	employed
user18994	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user18995	like_drink	liquor
user18995	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user18995	has_age	31
user18995	have_pet	2 dog
user18996	marital_status	married
user18996	favorite_food	papaya
user18996	have_family	0 close
user18996	has_profession	farmer
user18996	other	name is george
user18997	have_pet	3 horse
user18997	has_hobby	horseback riding
user18997	misc_attribute	helpful
user18998	other	was born in somalia
user18998	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user18998	have_family	aunt
user18998	marital_status	married
user18999	has_hobby	volunteer
user18999	like_activity	working out
user18999	has_hobby	volunteer
user18999	has_profession	athlete
user18999	misc_attribute	social
user19000	school_status	straight
user19000	want_job	physical therapist
user19000	attend_school	high school
user19000	school_status	student
user19001	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19001	other	allergy
user19001	other	famous twitch streamer
user19001	has_hobby	building a robot
user19002	misc_attribute	quiet
user19002	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19002	member_of	buddhism
user19002	like_activity	meditation
user19003	favorite_music	country
user19003	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19003	have_pet	2 dog
user19003	like_music	country
user19003	like_activity	mechanics
user19004	have_chidren	5 son
user19004	like_drink	coffee
user19004	like_drink	red wine
user19004	own	mini van
user19005	like_activity	gambling
user19005	like_activity	grilling
user19005	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19005	live_in_general	north
user19005	job_status	retired
user19006	member_of	sports team
user19006	attend_school	<blank>
user19006	has_age	13
user19006	dislike	math
user19007	attend_school	high school
user19007	school_status	student
user19007	school_status	straight
user19007	has_hobby	running
user19007	want_job	physical therapist
user19008	live_in_general	horse farm
user19008	place_origin	small town
user19008	have_pet	horse
user19008	want_job	lawyer
user19008	want_do	0 move
user19009	has_hobby	working out
user19009	favorite_color	yellow
user19009	like_sports	gymnastics
user19009	like_food	italian cuisine
user19009	has_profession	athlete
user19010	marital_status	married
user19010	has_profession	plumber
user19010	like_activity	park
user19010	have_chidren	3 children
user19010	like_food	ice cream
user19011	like_activity	party
user19011	favorite_movie	mean girls
user19011	other	fear of heights
user19011	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19012	like_activity	tanning
user19012	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19012	has_hobby	diet
user19012	like_activity	shopping
user19012	like_music	britney spears
user19013	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19013	dislike	holidays
user19013	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19013	has_hobby	bird watching
user19014	has_age	old
user19014	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user19014	live_in_general	prison
user19014	want_do	shoplift
user19015	has_age	31
user19015	have_pet	2 dog
user19015	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19015	like_drink	liquor
user19016	like_music	country
user19016	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19016	favorite_music	country
user19016	like_activity	mechanics
user19016	have_pet	2 dog
user19017	live_in_general	house
user19017	like_activity	walking
user19017	like_food	hamburgers
user19017	like_drink	soda
user19017	have	1 <blank>
user19018	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19018	like_general	wearing a hat
user19018	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19018	have	broken arm
user19019	school_status	student
user19019	place_origin	new york
user19019	school_status	2011 graduated
user19020	gender	male
user19020	have	house in florida
user19020	have_chidren	children
user19020	job_status	employed
user19021	like_activity	gambling
user19021	like_activity	grilling
user19021	job_status	retired
user19021	live_in_general	north
user19021	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19022	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19022	physical_attribute	skinny
user19022	physical_attribute	blonde
user19022	like_general	skinny jeans
user19023	job_status	retired
user19023	have_chidren	children
user19023	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19023	have	cancer
user19023	has_ability	sew
user19024	job_status	seeking employment
user19024	has_profession	doctor
user19024	like_movie	friday
user19025	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19025	have_pet	1 dog
user19025	has_hobby	rock climbing
user19025	like_activity	hiking
user19026	has_hobby	swimming
user19026	favorite_music	death metal
user19026	want_job	programmer
user19027	has_profession	engineer
user19027	like_activity	hiking
user19027	have_pet	1 dog
user19027	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19027	has_hobby	rock climbing
user19028	previous_profession	teacher
user19028	other	was poor growing up
user19028	has_hobby	volunteer
user19028	like_watching	war
user19029	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user19029	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19029	like_food	donuts
user19029	has_hobby	driving
user19029	has_hobby	video games
user19030	misc_attribute	lazy
user19030	like_general	play
user19030	has_age	4
user19030	have_pet	reptile
user19030	have	friend
user19031	dislike	clowns
user19031	job_status	employed
user19031	has_hobby	gardening
user19031	other	was adopted at a young age
user19032	physical_attribute	short hair
user19032	like_goto	gym
user19032	has_ability	eating
user19032	have_pet	2 dog
user19032	has_hobby	exercising
user19033	own	home
user19033	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19033	other	omnivore
user19033	employed_by_company	bank
user19034	favorite	toy
user19034	like_music	new kids on the block
user19034	has_hobby	0 dancing
user19034	like_music	hip hop
user19034	other	born in 80s
user19035	have_pet	reptile
user19035	misc_attribute	lazy
user19035	have	friend
user19035	has_age	4
user19035	like_general	play
user19036	have_chidren	children
user19036	has_ability	sew
user19036	have	cancer
user19036	job_status	retired
user19036	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19037	job_status	employed
user19037	like_food	<blank>
user19037	has_hobby	running
user19038	like_activity	singing
user19038	has_age	4
user19038	like_general	talking
user19038	want	dog
user19039	have_family	0 close
user19039	favorite_food	papaya
user19039	other	name is george
user19039	has_profession	farmer
user19040	has_hobby	gym
user19040	marital_status	single
user19040	job_status	employed
user19040	<blank>	<blank>
user19041	employed_by_general	school
user19041	own	new home
user19041	job_status	employed
user19041	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19042	want	rollys royce ghost
user19042	has_hobby	shopping
user19042	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19043	like_drink	red wine
user19043	like_drink	coffee
user19043	have_chidren	5 son
user19043	has_hobby	baseball
user19044	like_activity	singing
user19044	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19044	like_goto	playground
user19044	like_goto	disney world
user19044	like_general	character
user19045	has_profession	musician
user19045	like_music	folk
user19045	has_ability	play instrument
user19045	has_profession	janitor
user19046	like_goto	park
user19046	has_profession	doctor
user19046	job_status	seeking employment
user19046	like_movie	friday
user19047	live_in_general	apartment
user19047	physical_attribute	blonde
user19047	dislike	chicken
user19047	want_do	learning
user19047	job_status	employed
user19048	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19048	own	new home
user19048	employed_by_general	school
user19048	have_chidren	step children
user19049	like_goto	beach
user19049	favorite_music_artist	up
user19049	has_profession	teacher
user19049	has_hobby	board games
user19050	job_status	employed
user19050	has_profession	insurance
user19051	like_read	psychology
user19051	has_profession	dog walker
user19051	has_hobby	kayaking
user19051	school_status	graduate student
user19052	other	name is george
user19052	have_family	0 close
user19052	favorite_food	papaya
user19052	marital_status	married
user19053	has_hobby	building a robot
user19053	other	allergy
user19053	previous_profession	game designer
user19053	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19053	other	famous twitch streamer
user19054	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19054	like_general	character
user19054	like_goto	disney world
user19054	like_activity	singing
user19054	like_goto	playground
user19055	live_in_general	house
user19055	like_drink	soda
user19055	like_food	hamburgers
user19055	like_activity	walking
user19056	has_age	60
user19056	want_do	retire
user19056	has_profession	librarian
user19056	like_goto	spain
user19056	like_activity	travel
user19057	like_food	raw food
user19057	attend_school	university
user19057	like_music	the rolling stones
user19057	marital_status	married
user19057	own	house
user19058	have_pet	cat
user19058	like_activity	building houses
user19058	has_profession	construction worker
user19059	like_sports	softball
user19059	job_status	employed
user19060	dislike	blood
user19060	like_activity	video games
user19060	want_job	work from home
user19060	have	dyed hair
user19061	has_age	31
user19061	have_pet	2 dog
user19061	like_drink	liquor
user19061	like_activity	chess
user19062	has_age	13
user19062	attend_school	<blank>
user19062	member_of	sports team
user19063	favorite_color	red and silver
user19063	has_profession	teacher
user19063	has_ability	3 speak language
user19063	has_hobby	photography
user19064	job_status	employed
user19064	has_hobby	gardening
user19064	other	was adopted at a young age
user19064	dislike	clowns
user19065	other	recovering alcoholic
user19065	have	medications
user19065	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19065	has_age	45
user19065	place_origin	farm
user19066	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19066	like_drink	liquor
user19066	dislike	pink
user19067	like_activity	meditation
user19067	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19067	member_of	buddhism
user19067	misc_attribute	quiet
user19067	dislike	job
user19068	previous_profession	football player
user19068	like_movie	starwars
user19068	like_activity	reading
user19068	has_hobby	coffee
user19069	have	superpowers
user19069	misc_attribute	lonely
user19069	live_in_general	cloud
user19069	physical_attribute	small
user19069	like_activity	stopping time
user19070	has_profession	teacher
user19070	has_hobby	board games
user19070	favorite_music_artist	up
user19070	like_goto	beach
user19071	like_animal	dog
user19071	have_sibling	1 brother
user19071	like_food	taco
user19071	have_family	3 sister
user19071	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19072	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19072	want_job	restauranteur
user19072	like_sports	basketball
user19072	have_sibling	1 sister
user19073	gender	male
user19073	have_chidren	children
user19073	job_status	employed
user19074	like_music	folk
user19074	has_profession	musician
user19074	has_ability	play instrument
user19075	misc_attribute	talented
user19075	gender	male
user19075	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user19075	have	powers
user19076	physical_attribute	blonde
user19076	dislike	chicken
user19076	job_status	employed
user19076	live_in_general	apartment
user19077	favorite_food	papaya
user19077	marital_status	married
user19077	have_family	0 close
user19077	has_profession	farmer
user19078	like_movie	friday
user19078	job_status	seeking employment
user19078	has_profession	doctor
user19079	have_pet	3 horse
user19079	misc_attribute	helpful
user19079	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19079	like_music	rock
user19080	has_hobby	reading
user19080	like_food	kosher
user19080	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19080	other	<blank>
user19081	favorite_music_artist	up
user19081	like_goto	beach
user19081	has_hobby	board games
user19081	has_profession	teacher
user19082	has_age	45
user19082	other	recovering alcoholic
user19082	place_origin	farm
user19082	have	medications
user19082	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19083	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19083	like_food	kosher
user19083	has_hobby	reading
user19083	has_profession	stunt double
user19083	other	<blank>
user19084	like_activity	reading
user19084	like_movie	starwars
user19084	has_hobby	coffee
user19084	previous_profession	football player
user19085	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19085	like_food	donuts
user19085	has_hobby	driving
user19085	has_hobby	video games
user19086	favorite_music	death metal
user19086	want_job	programmer
user19086	has_hobby	swimming
user19087	misc_attribute	athletic
user19087	like_music	classical
user19087	like_general	red
user19087	other	christian
user19088	like_activity	traveling
user19088	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user19088	like_general	cook paella
user19088	like_food	fish
user19088	school_status	student
user19089	has_hobby	working out
user19089	like_sports	gymnastics
user19089	has_profession	athlete
user19089	like_food	italian cuisine
user19089	favorite_color	yellow
user19090	want_do	take over the world
user19090	has_age	56
user19090	have_chidren	2 children
user19090	has_profession	housekeeper
user19091	favorite_movie	horror
user19091	have_chidren	children
user19091	have_chidren	son
user19091	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19092	has_hobby	rock climbing
user19092	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19092	has_profession	engineer
user19092	have_pet	1 dog
user19092	like_activity	hiking
user19093	like_general	spiderman
user19093	like_read	comics
user19093	has_hobby	fishing
user19093	has_profession	chef
user19093	like_general	cooking
user19094	has_hobby	coffee
user19094	previous_profession	football player
user19094	like_activity	reading
user19094	like_movie	starwars
user19095	gender	female
user19095	marital_status	married
user19095	like_sports	running
user19095	like_general	blue
user19096	have_pet	2 dog
user19096	has_hobby	exercising
user19096	has_ability	eating
user19096	physical_attribute	short hair
user19096	like_goto	gym
user19097	have	no belief
user19097	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19097	physical_attribute	overweight
user19097	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19098	has_hobby	gym
user19098	<blank>	<blank>
user19098	marital_status	single
user19098	job_status	employed
user19099	like_activity	shopping
user19099	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19099	like_activity	tanning
user19099	like_music	britney spears
user19099	has_hobby	diet
user19100	has_hobby	shopping
user19100	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19100	like_general	shopping
user19100	want	rollys royce ghost
user19101	have	broken arm
user19101	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19101	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19102	live_in_general	farm
user19102	have_pet	dog
user19102	like_watching	sport
user19103	have	skin
user19103	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19103	has_profession	waitress
user19103	like_activity	racing
user19104	has_profession	dog walker
user19104	have_pet	3 dog
user19104	other	polyamorous relationship
user19104	like_watching	1 sport
user19105	has_age	56
user19105	have_chidren	2 children
user19105	has_profession	housekeeper
user19105	other	used to be pretty
user19106	physical_attribute	short hair
user19106	have_pet	2 dog
user19106	has_hobby	exercising
user19106	like_goto	gym
user19107	like_sports	softball
user19107	job_status	employed
user19107	has_profession	insurance
user19108	has_hobby	board games
user19108	favorite_music_artist	up
user19108	like_goto	beach
user19109	have_chidren	step children
user19109	own	new home
user19109	employed_by_general	school
user19109	job_status	employed
user19109	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19110	has_hobby	reading
user19110	have_chidren	1 child
user19110	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19110	favorite_movie	documentary
user19111	want_job	work from home
user19111	dislike	blood
user19111	have	dyed hair
user19111	attend_school	university
user19112	school_status	student
user19112	school_status	2011 graduated
user19112	place_origin	new york
user19113	have_pet	1 cat
user19113	like_activity	party
user19113	other	fear of heights
user19113	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19114	has_ability	speak language
user19114	has_profession	musician
user19114	want_do	speak language
user19114	has_ability	speak language
user19115	own	bmw
user19115	place_origin	new york
user19115	school_status	2011 graduated
user19115	school_status	student
user19116	misc_attribute	lonely
user19116	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user19116	like_general	pobox
user19116	dislike	school
user19116	has_age	12
user19117	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19117	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19117	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19117	have_pet	cat
user19118	has_profession	nurse
user19118	has_hobby	walking
user19118	favorite	way to relax
user19118	like_goto	disneyland
user19118	like_activity	spending time
user19119	want	rollys royce ghost
user19119	like_general	shopping
user19119	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19119	has_hobby	shopping
user19120	other	was adopted at a young age
user19120	dislike	clowns
user19120	has_hobby	gardening
user19121	live_in_general	cloud
user19121	have	superpowers
user19121	like_activity	stopping time
user19121	misc_attribute	lonely
user19122	has_age	24
user19122	like_music	taylor swift
user19122	teach	kindergarten
user19122	marital_status	engaged
user19123	like_food	kosher
user19123	has_hobby	reading
user19123	has_profession	stunt double
user19123	other	<blank>
user19124	like_food	chocolate
user19124	like_activity	singing
user19124	like_general	talking
user19124	has_age	4
user19125	like_sports	running
user19125	marital_status	married
user19125	other	vegetarian
user19125	gender	female
user19125	like_general	blue
user19126	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19126	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19126	have	no belief
user19126	physical_attribute	overweight
user19127	like_music	classical
user19127	misc_attribute	athletic
user19127	other	christian
user19127	like_general	red
user19128	has_profession	musician
user19128	has_ability	speak language
user19128	has_ability	speak language
user19129	physical_attribute	blonde
user19129	like_general	skinny jeans
user19129	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19129	physical_attribute	skinny
user19130	has_hobby	walking
user19130	like_goto	disneyland
user19130	like_activity	spending time
user19130	favorite	way to relax
user19130	has_profession	nurse
user19131	like_sports	running
user19131	gender	female
user19131	other	vegetarian
user19131	marital_status	married
user19131	like_general	blue
user19132	favorite_music	death metal
user19132	has_hobby	swimming
user19133	live_in_general	house
user19133	like_food	hamburgers
user19133	like_drink	soda
user19133	have	1 <blank>
user19134	like_sports	softball
user19134	job_status	employed
user19134	has_profession	insurance
user19135	has_hobby	gym
user19135	job_status	employed
user19135	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user19135	marital_status	single
user19135	<blank>	<blank>
user19136	have_family	aunt
user19136	like_activity	dance
user19136	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19136	other	was born in somalia
user19137	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19137	has_age	olc
user19137	has_hobby	bird watching
user19137	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19138	employed_by_general	school
user19138	own	new home
user19138	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19138	have_chidren	step children
user19139	attend_school	high school
user19139	school_status	straight
user19139	want_job	physical therapist
user19139	school_status	student
user19139	has_hobby	running
user19140	want_do	speak language
user19140	has_ability	speak language
user19140	has_ability	speak language
user19141	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19141	favorite_music	country
user19141	like_music	country
user19141	like_activity	mechanics
user19142	member_of	buddhism
user19142	dislike	job
user19142	misc_attribute	quiet
user19142	like_activity	meditation
user19142	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19143	has_profession	janitor
user19143	has_ability	play instrument
user19143	has_profession	musician
user19144	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19144	physical_attribute	overweight
user19144	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19144	have	no belief
user19145	like_drink	tea
user19145	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19145	has_hobby	gardening
user19145	has_profession	tour guide
user19145	own	library
user19146	like_food	all
user19146	like_activity	trying new food
user19146	have_vehicle	boat
user19146	like_activity	cooking
user19146	has_hobby	traveling
user19147	like_food	chocolate
user19147	like_activity	singing
user19147	like_general	talking
user19147	want	dog
user19147	has_age	4
user19148	like_general	blue
user19148	like_sports	running
user19148	marital_status	married
user19148	other	vegetarian
user19149	like_goto	the city
user19149	has_hobby	volunteer
user19149	has_ability	play instrument
user19150	like_activity	chess
user19150	like_drink	liquor
user19150	has_age	31
user19150	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19151	like_animal	dog
user19151	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19151	have_sibling	1 brother
user19151	like_food	taco
user19152	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19152	have_sibling	1 sister
user19152	like_sports	basketball
user19152	want_job	restauranteur
user19153	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19153	job_status	retired
user19153	like_activity	gambling
user19153	like_activity	grilling
user19153	live_in_general	north
user19154	job_status	seeking employment
user19154	like_goto	park
user19154	has_profession	doctor
user19154	like_movie	friday
user19155	like_activity	traveling
user19155	like_food	fish
user19155	school_status	student
user19155	like_general	cook paella
user19156	has_profession	construction worker
user19156	like_activity	building houses
user19156	have_pet	cat
user19157	has_hobby	gardening
user19157	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19157	has_profession	tour guide
user19157	own	library
user19158	have_pet	named charlie
user19158	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19158	has_ability	produce
user19158	favorite_food	pizza
user19158	<blank>	<blank>
user19159	<blank>	<blank>
user19159	job_status	employed
user19159	has_hobby	gym
user19159	marital_status	single
user19160	dislike	fashion
user19160	dislike	being a disappointment
user19160	attend_school	chemistry
user19160	have_pet	dog
user19161	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19161	job_status	retired
user19161	have_chidren	children
user19161	have	cancer
user19162	like_music	country
user19162	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19162	favorite_music	country
user19162	have_pet	2 dog
user19163	job_status	employed
user19163	<blank>	<blank>
user19163	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user19163	marital_status	single
user19163	has_hobby	gym
user19164	have_pet	dog
user19164	like_activity	baking
user19164	has_hobby	knitting
user19164	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user19165	want_job	lawyer
user19165	place_origin	small town
user19165	live_in_general	horse farm
user19165	want_do	0 move
user19165	have_pet	horse
user19166	have_chidren	son
user19166	favorite_movie	horror
user19166	have_chidren	children
user19167	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user19167	like_food	donuts
user19167	has_hobby	driving
user19167	has_hobby	video games
user19167	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19168	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19168	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19168	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19168	have_pet	cat
user19168	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19169	member_of	buddhism
user19169	dislike	job
user19169	like_activity	meditation
user19169	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19170	favorite_color	orange
user19170	like_activity	hiking
user19170	marital_status	single
user19170	has_age	18
user19170	have_pet	fish
user19171	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19171	have_sibling	1 sister
user19171	like_sports	basketball
user19171	want_job	restauranteur
user19172	has_profession	athlete
user19172	has_hobby	working out
user19172	favorite_color	yellow
user19172	like_food	italian cuisine
user19172	like_sports	gymnastics
user19173	like_activity	meditation
user19173	member_of	buddhism
user19173	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19173	dislike	job
user19174	like_food	kosher
user19174	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19174	has_profession	stunt double
user19174	other	<blank>
user19174	has_hobby	reading
user19175	has_ability	play instrument
user19175	has_profession	pianist
user19175	like_goto	the city
user19175	has_hobby	volunteer
user19176	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19176	have_sibling	1 sister
user19176	want_job	restauranteur
user19176	like_sports	basketball
user19177	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19177	own	home
user19177	other	omnivore
user19177	employed_by_company	bank
user19178	like_music	rock
user19178	misc_attribute	helpful
user19178	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19178	have_pet	3 horse
user19179	attend_school	university
user19179	dislike	blood
user19179	want_job	work from home
user19179	have	dyed hair
user19180	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19180	has_age	olc
user19180	has_hobby	bird watching
user19180	dislike	holidays
user19180	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19181	has_age	46
user19181	has_profession	recording engineer
user19181	like_general	being indoors
user19181	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user19182	other	fear of heights
user19182	like_activity	party
user19182	favorite_movie	mean girls
user19182	have_pet	1 cat
user19183	want_do	shoplift
user19183	live_in_general	prison
user19183	has_age	old
user19183	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user19184	live_in_general	cloud
user19184	physical_attribute	small
user19184	like_activity	stopping time
user19184	misc_attribute	lonely
user19184	have	superpowers
user19185	have_pet	dog
user19185	gender	female
user19185	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19185	employed_by_general	school
user19186	like_goto	gym
user19186	has_hobby	exercising
user19186	has_ability	eating
user19186	physical_attribute	short hair
user19187	<blank>	<blank>
user19187	have_pet	named charlie
user19187	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19187	favorite_food	pizza
user19188	job_status	employed
user19188	own	new home
user19188	have_chidren	step children
user19188	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19189	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19189	job_status	retired
user19189	have	cancer
user19189	has_ability	sew
user19190	school_status	2011 graduated
user19190	own	bmw
user19190	place_origin	new york
user19190	school_status	student
user19191	own	gold medal
user19191	like_animal	cat
user19191	like_food	ice cream
user19192	like_activity	singing
user19192	like_goto	playground
user19192	like_general	character
user19192	like_goto	disney world
user19192	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19193	has_hobby	ping pong
user19193	like_food	candy
user19193	has_ability	play instrument
user19193	has_ability	speak language
user19194	want_job	work from home
user19194	have	dyed hair
user19194	attend_school	university
user19194	like_activity	video games
user19195	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19195	have_family	aunt
user19195	other	was born in somalia
user19195	marital_status	married
user19195	like_activity	dance
user19196	job_status	employed
user19196	other	was adopted at a young age
user19196	has_hobby	gardening
user19196	dislike	clowns
user19197	has_profession	nurse
user19197	like_activity	spending time
user19197	has_hobby	walking
user19197	favorite	way to relax
user19197	like_goto	disneyland
user19198	has_ability	speak language
user19198	has_hobby	ping pong
user19198	like_food	candy
user19199	has_ability	play instrument
user19199	like_goto	the city
user19199	has_hobby	volunteer
user19200	has_profession	nurse
user19200	favorite	way to relax
user19200	like_goto	disneyland
user19200	has_hobby	walking
user19200	like_activity	spending time
user19201	like_goto	disneyland
user19201	like_activity	spending time
user19201	has_profession	nurse
user19201	favorite	way to relax
user19202	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19202	like_drink	liquor
user19202	like_activity	chess
user19202	have_pet	2 dog
user19202	has_age	31
user19203	like_activity	chess
user19203	have_pet	2 dog
user19203	has_age	31
user19203	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19204	have_pet	dog
user19204	employed_by_general	postal service
user19204	favorite_color	grey
user19205	like_activity	gambling
user19205	like_activity	grilling
user19205	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19205	live_in_general	north
user19205	job_status	retired
user19206	school_status	student
user19206	school_status	2011 graduated
user19206	own	bmw
user19207	like_goto	the city
user19207	has_ability	play instrument
user19207	has_hobby	volunteer
user19207	has_profession	pianist
user19208	like_goto	gym
user19208	physical_attribute	short hair
user19208	has_hobby	exercising
user19208	have_pet	2 dog
user19209	has_hobby	board games
user19209	like_goto	beach
user19209	favorite_music_artist	up
user19209	has_profession	teacher
user19210	like_music	new kids on the block
user19210	has_hobby	0 dancing
user19210	other	born in 80s
user19210	favorite	toy
user19211	have	no belief
user19211	physical_attribute	overweight
user19211	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19211	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19212	place_origin	new york
user19212	school_status	2011 graduated
user19212	own	bmw
user19212	school_status	student
user19213	like_drink	tea
user19213	own	library
user19213	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19213	has_profession	tour guide
user19213	has_hobby	gardening
user19214	favorite_color	orange
user19214	marital_status	single
user19214	have_pet	fish
user19214	has_age	18
user19215	<blank>	<blank>
user19215	has_hobby	gym
user19215	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user19215	marital_status	single
user19215	job_status	employed
user19216	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19216	have_pet	2 dog
user19216	like_drink	liquor
user19216	like_activity	chess
user19217	favorite_movie	horror
user19217	have_chidren	son
user19217	have_chidren	children
user19217	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19218	favorite_movie	documentary
user19218	has_hobby	reading
user19218	have_chidren	1 child
user19218	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19219	have_pet	1 cow
user19219	has_profession	electrician
user19219	like_music	country
user19219	live_in_general	the country
user19219	employed_by_general	farm
user19220	other	dont do drugs
user19220	employed_by_company	burger king
user19220	have	friends
user19220	have_family	mother
user19221	physical_attribute	short hair
user19221	has_ability	eating
user19221	like_goto	gym
user19221	have_pet	2 dog
user19221	has_hobby	exercising
user19222	like_goto	church
user19222	have_pet	dog
user19222	employed_by_general	school
user19222	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19223	dislike	being a disappointment
user19223	has_ability	dance
user19223	dislike	fashion
user19223	attend_school	chemistry
user19224	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19224	like_sports	basketball
user19224	want_job	restauranteur
user19225	has_profession	chef
user19225	has_hobby	fishing
user19225	like_general	spiderman
user19225	like_general	cooking
user19226	previous_profession	football player
user19226	like_activity	reading
user19226	has_hobby	coffee
user19226	like_movie	starwars
user19227	like_music	classical
user19227	misc_attribute	athletic
user19227	like_general	red
user19228	has_hobby	running
user19228	school_status	straight
user19228	school_status	student
user19228	want_job	physical therapist
user19228	attend_school	high school
user19229	has_profession	musician
user19229	want_do	speak language
user19229	has_ability	speak language
user19229	has_ability	speak language
user19230	like_sports	softball
user19230	job_status	employed
user19230	has_profession	insurance
user19231	job_status	employed
user19231	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user19231	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user19231	favorite_food	mexican food
user19231	has_profession	construction worker
user19232	has_profession	dog walker
user19232	school_status	graduate student
user19232	has_hobby	kayaking
user19232	like_read	psychology
user19233	has_profession	musician
user19233	has_ability	speak language
user19233	want_do	speak language
user19234	like_watching	sport
user19234	live_in_general	farm
user19234	like_watching	comedy
user19234	have_pet	dog
user19235	other	fear of heights
user19235	have_pet	1 cat
user19235	like_activity	party
user19235	favorite_movie	mean girls
user19235	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19236	have	skin
user19236	like_activity	racing
user19236	own	motorbike helmet
user19236	has_profession	waitress
user19237	marital_status	single
user19237	has_age	18
user19237	favorite_color	orange
user19237	have_pet	fish
user19238	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19238	want	rollys royce ghost
user19238	like_general	shopping
user19238	has_hobby	shopping
user19239	like_general	talking
user19239	has_age	4
user19239	like_food	chocolate
user19239	like_activity	singing
user19239	want	dog
user19240	live_in_general	house
user19240	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19240	has_profession	tennis player
user19240	marital_status	doctor
user19241	like_music	country
user19241	live_in_general	the country
user19241	has_profession	electrician
user19241	have_pet	1 cow
user19241	employed_by_general	farm
user19242	other	was adopted at a young age
user19242	dislike	clowns
user19242	job_status	employed
user19242	has_hobby	gardening
user19243	has_hobby	coffee
user19243	like_movie	starwars
user19243	previous_profession	football player
user19243	like_activity	reading
user19244	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19244	like_general	wearing a hat
user19244	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19245	physical_attribute	skinny
user19245	like_general	skinny jeans
user19245	physical_attribute	blonde
user19246	other	vegetarian
user19246	like_general	blue
user19246	gender	female
user19246	like_sports	running
user19246	marital_status	married
user19247	other	born in 80s
user19247	favorite	toy
user19247	like_music	new kids on the block
user19247	has_hobby	0 dancing
user19248	gender	female
user19248	have_pet	dog
user19248	like_goto	church
user19248	employed_by_general	school
user19248	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19249	has_hobby	ping pong
user19249	has_ability	speak language
user19249	like_food	candy
user19249	has_ability	play instrument
user19250	want_do	retire
user19250	has_profession	librarian
user19250	has_age	60
user19250	like_activity	travel
user19251	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19251	has_ability	sew
user19251	job_status	retired
user19251	have_chidren	children
user19251	have	cancer
user19252	like_sports	running
user19252	gender	female
user19252	other	vegetarian
user19252	like_general	blue
user19253	place_origin	small town
user19253	have_pet	horse
user19253	live_in_general	horse farm
user19253	want_do	0 move
user19253	want_job	lawyer
user19254	like_music	new kids on the block
user19254	favorite	toy
user19254	other	born in 80s
user19254	like_music	hip hop
user19254	has_hobby	0 dancing
user19255	has_hobby	volunteer
user19255	other	was poor growing up
user19255	previous_profession	teacher
user19256	has_hobby	coffee
user19256	like_activity	reading
user19256	previous_profession	football player
user19256	like_movie	starwars
user19257	other	omnivore
user19257	own	home
user19257	employed_by_company	bank
user19257	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19258	like_activity	video games
user19258	dislike	blood
user19258	have	dyed hair
user19258	want_job	work from home
user19258	attend_school	university
user19259	have_pet	3 dog
user19259	other	polyamorous relationship
user19259	has_profession	dog walker
user19260	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19260	like_food	taco
user19260	have_sibling	1 brother
user19260	have_family	3 sister
user19261	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19261	has_hobby	gardening
user19261	like_drink	tea
user19261	has_profession	tour guide
user19261	own	library
user19262	like_general	spiderman
user19262	has_profession	chef
user19262	like_read	comics
user19262	like_general	cooking
user19263	like_activity	building houses
user19263	has_profession	construction worker
user19263	have_pet	5 cat
user19263	have_pet	cat
user19264	misc_attribute	fearful
user19264	have_pet	dog
user19264	has_hobby	knitting
user19264	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user19265	favorite_food	mexican food
user19265	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user19265	job_status	employed
user19265	has_profession	construction worker
user19266	like_activity	cooking
user19266	like_activity	trying new food
user19266	has_hobby	traveling
user19266	have_vehicle	boat
user19267	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19267	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19267	have	broken arm
user19267	like_general	wearing a hat
user19268	has_hobby	coffee
user19268	like_movie	starwars
user19268	previous_profession	football player
user19268	like_activity	reading
user19269	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19269	own	library
user19269	has_profession	tour guide
user19269	has_hobby	gardening
user19269	like_drink	tea
user19270	has_profession	construction worker
user19270	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user19270	job_status	employed
user19270	favorite_food	mexican food
user19271	like_activity	park
user19271	have_chidren	3 children
user19271	like_food	ice cream
user19271	has_profession	plumber
user19272	dislike	chicken
user19272	job_status	employed
user19272	want_do	learning
user19272	live_in_general	apartment
user19273	favorite_food	schawarma
user19273	school_status	did not graduate
user19273	employed_by_general	army
user19273	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user19274	like_goto	the city
user19274	has_hobby	volunteer
user19274	has_profession	pianist
user19275	like_activity	cooking
user19275	like_food	all
user19275	has_hobby	traveling
user19275	have_vehicle	boat
user19275	like_activity	trying new food
user19276	like_music	country
user19276	like_activity	mechanics
user19276	have_pet	2 dog
user19276	favorite_music	country
user19277	has_profession	nurse
user19277	like_goto	disneyland
user19277	has_hobby	walking
user19277	like_activity	spending time
user19278	job_status	employed
user19278	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19278	employed_by_general	school
user19278	own	new home
user19279	have_family	mother
user19279	employed_by_company	burger king
user19279	have	friends
user19280	have_chidren	children
user19280	have	cancer
user19280	has_ability	sew
user19280	job_status	retired
user19281	<blank>	<blank>
user19281	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user19281	job_status	employed
user19281	has_hobby	gym
user19281	marital_status	single
user19282	has_hobby	running
user19282	school_status	straight
user19282	school_status	student
user19282	attend_school	high school
user19282	want_job	physical therapist
user19283	dislike	holidays
user19283	has_age	olc
user19283	has_hobby	bird watching
user19283	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19284	has_profession	waitress
user19284	own	motorbike helmet
user19284	have	skin
user19284	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19284	like_activity	racing
user19285	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19285	have_chidren	son
user19285	have_chidren	children
user19286	has_age	13
user19286	attend_school	<blank>
user19286	dislike	math
user19286	member_of	sports team
user19287	favorite_music	death metal
user19287	has_hobby	swimming
user19288	marital_status	single
user19288	have_pet	fish
user19288	favorite_color	orange
user19288	has_age	18
user19289	favorite_color	navy blue
user19289	has_hobby	volunteering
user19289	previous_profession	military
user19289	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user19289	misc_attribute	helpful
user19290	physical_attribute	pregnant
user19290	favorite_movie	documentary
user19290	has_hobby	reading
user19290	have_chidren	1 child
user19290	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19291	like_general	wearing a hat
user19291	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19291	have	broken arm
user19291	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19292	previous_profession	teacher
user19292	has_hobby	volunteer
user19292	other	was poor growing up
user19293	has_ability	play instrument
user19293	like_music	folk
user19293	has_profession	musician
user19293	has_profession	janitor
user19294	physical_attribute	overweight
user19294	have	no belief
user19294	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19294	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19295	have	friend
user19295	has_age	4
user19295	misc_attribute	lazy
user19295	like_general	play
user19296	has_hobby	shopping
user19296	like_general	shopping
user19296	want	rollys royce ghost
user19296	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19297	want_do	shoplift
user19297	live_in_general	prison
user19297	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user19298	has_ability	speak language
user19298	has_hobby	ping pong
user19298	has_ability	play instrument
user19299	has_profession	farmer
user19299	marital_status	married
user19299	have_family	0 close
user19299	favorite_food	papaya
user19300	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19300	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19300	has_hobby	bird watching
user19300	has_age	olc
user19300	dislike	holidays
user19301	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19301	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19301	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19301	have_pet	cat
user19302	want	rollys royce ghost
user19302	has_hobby	shopping
user19302	like_general	shopping
user19302	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19303	other	remember when people had no television
user19303	like_drink	wine
user19303	has_age	100
user19303	physical_attribute	immortal
user19304	like_goto	the city
user19304	has_hobby	volunteer
user19304	has_profession	pianist
user19304	has_ability	play instrument
user19305	like_music	folk
user19305	has_profession	musician
user19305	has_profession	janitor
user19306	have_pet	dog
user19306	live_in_general	farm
user19306	like_watching	sport
user19307	like_music	taylor swift
user19307	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user19307	own	nissan pathfinder
user19307	physical_attribute	brunette
user19307	favorite_music	country
user19308	like_activity	gambling
user19308	live_in_general	north
user19308	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19308	job_status	retired
user19308	like_activity	grilling
user19309	like_music	the rolling stones
user19309	marital_status	married
user19309	like_food	raw food
user19309	attend_school	university
user19310	have_chidren	5 son
user19310	like_drink	coffee
user19310	like_drink	red wine
user19310	has_hobby	baseball
user19310	own	mini van
user19311	want_do	learning
user19311	physical_attribute	blonde
user19311	live_in_general	apartment
user19311	dislike	chicken
user19311	job_status	employed
user19312	like_general	cook paella
user19312	like_food	fish
user19312	like_activity	traveling
user19312	school_status	student
user19312	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user19313	other	recovering alcoholic
user19313	have	medications
user19313	has_age	45
user19313	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19313	place_origin	farm
user19314	want	dog
user19314	has_age	4
user19314	like_food	chocolate
user19314	like_activity	singing
user19314	like_general	talking
user19315	member_of	sports team
user19315	attend_school	<blank>
user19315	dislike	math
user19316	has_age	100
user19316	physical_attribute	immortal
user19316	other	remember when people had no television
user19316	misc_attribute	strong
user19316	like_drink	wine
user19317	other	health
user19317	has_hobby	running
user19317	job_status	employed
user19318	like_general	cooking
user19318	has_hobby	fishing
user19318	like_general	spiderman
user19318	like_read	comics
user19319	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19319	other	omnivore
user19319	own	home
user19320	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19320	have_chidren	step children
user19320	job_status	employed
user19320	own	new home
user19320	employed_by_general	school
user19321	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19321	have_pet	3 horse
user19321	misc_attribute	helpful
user19321	like_music	rock
user19322	attend_school	university
user19322	like_activity	video games
user19322	dislike	blood
user19322	want_job	work from home
user19323	dislike	math
user19323	attend_school	<blank>
user19323	has_age	13
user19324	marital_status	married
user19324	like_food	raw food
user19324	like_music	the rolling stones
user19324	own	house
user19325	like_music	classical
user19325	misc_attribute	athletic
user19325	other	christian
user19326	has_profession	insurance
user19326	like_sports	softball
user19326	job_status	employed
user19327	like_music	new kids on the block
user19327	like_music	hip hop
user19327	favorite	toy
user19327	other	born in 80s
user19328	other	vegan
user19328	like_watching	cooking shows
user19328	like_activity	amusement park
user19328	dislike	swimming
user19329	like_food	donuts
user19329	has_hobby	video games
user19329	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19329	has_hobby	driving
user19330	own	mini van
user19330	have_chidren	5 son
user19330	like_drink	red wine
user19330	like_drink	coffee
user19331	like_drink	liquor
user19331	like_activity	chess
user19331	have_pet	2 dog
user19331	has_age	31
user19331	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19332	like_food	all
user19332	has_hobby	traveling
user19332	like_activity	trying new food
user19332	like_activity	cooking
user19333	has_age	13
user19333	dislike	math
user19333	attend_school	<blank>
user19333	member_of	sports team
user19334	like_music	taylor swift
user19334	own	nissan pathfinder
user19334	physical_attribute	brunette
user19334	favorite_music	country
user19335	misc_attribute	athletic
user19335	like_music	classical
user19335	other	christian
user19335	like_general	red
user19336	like_watching	sport
user19336	live_in_general	farm
user19336	have_pet	dog
user19337	physical_attribute	blonde
user19337	want_do	learning
user19337	job_status	employed
user19337	live_in_general	apartment
user19338	has_profession	tour guide
user19338	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19338	like_drink	tea
user19338	own	library
user19338	has_hobby	gardening
user19339	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19339	have_pet	cat
user19339	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19339	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19339	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19340	has_hobby	volunteer
user19340	like_goto	the city
user19340	has_ability	play instrument
user19340	has_profession	pianist
user19341	gender	male
user19341	have	house in florida
user19341	job_status	employed
user19342	has_hobby	photography
user19342	has_profession	teacher
user19342	has_ability	3 speak language
user19343	misc_attribute	feminist
user19343	like_general	internet browsing
user19343	have	solar panels
user19343	like_general	social media
user19343	other	only eat organic food
user19344	like_watching	comedy
user19344	have_pet	dog
user19344	live_in_general	farm
user19344	like_watching	sport
user19345	like_sports	gymnastics
user19345	has_profession	athlete
user19345	has_hobby	working out
user19345	favorite_color	yellow
user19346	live_in_general	cloud
user19346	physical_attribute	small
user19346	have	superpowers
user19346	like_activity	stopping time
user19347	physical_attribute	blonde
user19347	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19347	like_general	skinny jeans
user19347	physical_attribute	skinny
user19348	misc_attribute	social
user19348	has_hobby	volunteer
user19348	like_activity	working out
user19348	has_profession	athlete
user19348	has_hobby	volunteer
user19349	marital_status	married
user19349	like_food	ice cream
user19349	has_profession	plumber
user19349	like_activity	park
user19349	have_chidren	3 children
user19350	like_food	taco
user19350	have_family	3 sister
user19350	like_animal	dog
user19350	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19350	have_sibling	1 brother
user19351	like_goto	church
user19351	employed_by_general	school
user19351	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19351	gender	female
user19352	previous_profession	game designer
user19352	has_hobby	building a robot
user19352	other	allergy
user19352	other	famous twitch streamer
user19352	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19353	like_read	psychology
user19353	school_status	graduate student
user19353	has_hobby	kayaking
user19353	has_profession	dog walker
user19354	dislike	swimming
user19354	like_activity	amusement park
user19354	live_in_general	0 germany
user19354	other	vegan
user19355	other	vegetarian
user19355	marital_status	married
user19355	gender	female
user19355	like_sports	running
user19356	have_chidren	2 children
user19356	other	used to be pretty
user19356	has_age	56
user19356	has_profession	housekeeper
user19357	like_activity	reading
user19357	like_movie	starwars
user19357	has_hobby	coffee
user19357	previous_profession	football player
user19358	has_hobby	photography
user19358	has_profession	teacher
user19358	has_ability	3 speak language
user19359	own	new home
user19359	job_status	employed
user19359	employed_by_general	school
user19359	have_chidren	step children
user19360	job_status	employed
user19360	dislike	chicken
user19360	physical_attribute	blonde
user19360	want_do	learning
user19361	like_food	ice cream
user19361	own	gold medal
user19361	like_animal	cat
user19361	have	1000 hats
user19362	school_status	student
user19362	has_hobby	running
user19362	want_job	physical therapist
user19362	attend_school	high school
user19363	marital_status	single
user19363	favorite_color	orange
user19363	has_age	18
user19363	have_pet	fish
user19363	like_activity	hiking
user19364	like_general	character
user19364	like_goto	playground
user19364	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19364	like_activity	singing
user19365	has_ability	speak language
user19365	want_do	speak language
user19365	has_profession	musician
user19365	has_ability	speak language
user19366	has_age	60
user19366	like_goto	spain
user19366	has_profession	librarian
user19366	want_do	retire
user19366	like_activity	travel
user19367	dislike	holidays
user19367	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19367	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19367	has_age	olc
user19367	has_hobby	bird watching
user19368	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19368	physical_attribute	blonde
user19368	like_general	skinny jeans
user19369	like_music	country
user19369	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19369	favorite_music	country
user19369	like_activity	mechanics
user19370	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19370	like_drink	coffee
user19370	like_drink	liquor
user19371	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user19371	like_goto	park
user19371	has_ability	play instrument
user19371	has_profession	0 musician
user19371	place_origin	the industryy
user19372	other	allergy
user19372	has_hobby	building a robot
user19372	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19372	previous_profession	game designer
user19373	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user19373	has_hobby	volunteering
user19373	favorite_color	navy blue
user19373	previous_profession	military
user19373	misc_attribute	helpful
user19374	school_status	did not graduate
user19374	favorite_food	schawarma
user19374	employed_by_general	army
user19375	like_general	internet browsing
user19375	other	only eat organic food
user19375	misc_attribute	feminist
user19375	like_general	social media
user19376	like_movie	friday
user19376	job_status	seeking employment
user19376	has_profession	doctor
user19376	like_goto	park
user19377	like_activity	reading
user19377	has_hobby	coffee
user19377	like_movie	starwars
user19377	previous_profession	football player
user19378	like_sports	basketball
user19378	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19378	have_sibling	1 sister
user19378	want_job	restauranteur
user19379	has_profession	housekeeper
user19379	other	used to be pretty
user19379	has_age	56
user19379	want_do	take over the world
user19379	have_chidren	2 children
user19380	have_chidren	children
user19380	have	house in florida
user19380	gender	male
user19381	want_do	speak language
user19381	has_profession	musician
user19381	has_ability	speak language
user19381	has_ability	speak language
user19382	like_drink	coffee
user19382	dislike	pink
user19382	like_drink	liquor
user19382	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19383	live_in_general	cloud
user19383	physical_attribute	small
user19383	have	superpowers
user19383	misc_attribute	lonely
user19384	like_activity	walking
user19384	have	1 <blank>
user19384	like_drink	soda
user19384	like_food	hamburgers
user19385	previous_profession	teacher
user19385	has_hobby	volunteer
user19385	other	was poor growing up
user19385	like_watching	war
user19386	has_profession	dog walker
user19386	has_hobby	kayaking
user19386	like_read	psychology
user19387	has_hobby	knitting
user19387	misc_attribute	fearful
user19387	like_activity	baking
user19387	have_pet	dog
user19387	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user19388	other	was adopted at a young age
user19388	dislike	clowns
user19388	job_status	employed
user19388	has_hobby	gardening
user19389	has_age	4
user19389	like_activity	singing
user19389	want	dog
user19389	like_food	chocolate
user19390	like_activity	grilling
user19390	like_activity	gambling
user19390	live_in_general	north
user19390	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19390	job_status	retired
user19391	has_hobby	walking
user19391	has_profession	nurse
user19391	like_goto	disneyland
user19391	favorite	way to relax
user19392	has_hobby	reading
user19392	has_profession	stunt double
user19392	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19392	other	<blank>
user19393	has_age	24
user19393	marital_status	engaged
user19393	teach	kindergarten
user19393	like_music	taylor swift
user19394	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19394	have_pet	3 horse
user19394	like_music	rock
user19395	other	was born in somalia
user19395	marital_status	married
user19395	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19395	have_family	aunt
user19396	physical_attribute	short hair
user19396	like_goto	gym
user19396	has_hobby	exercising
user19396	have_pet	2 dog
user19396	has_ability	eating
user19397	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19397	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19397	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19397	have_pet	cat
user19397	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19398	job_status	employed
user19398	live_in_general	apartment
user19398	dislike	chicken
user19398	physical_attribute	blonde
user19398	want_do	learning
user19399	like_watching	war
user19399	previous_profession	teacher
user19399	other	was poor growing up
user19399	has_hobby	volunteer
user19400	marital_status	doctor
user19400	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19400	has_profession	tennis player
user19400	live_in_general	house
user19401	dislike	scorpions
user19401	have_pet	dog
user19401	favorite_color	grey
user19402	like_sports	softball
user19402	job_status	employed
user19402	has_profession	insurance
user19403	has_profession	athlete
user19403	misc_attribute	social
user19403	has_hobby	volunteer
user19403	like_activity	working out
user19404	has_profession	tennis player
user19404	live_in_general	house
user19404	marital_status	doctor
user19405	like_music	britney spears
user19405	like_activity	tanning
user19405	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19405	like_activity	shopping
user19406	like_music	classical
user19406	other	christian
user19406	like_general	red
user19406	misc_attribute	athletic
user19407	has_profession	tennis player
user19407	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19407	marital_status	doctor
user19407	live_in_general	house
user19408	have_pet	cat
user19408	like_activity	building houses
user19408	has_profession	construction worker
user19409	has_profession	dog walker
user19409	have_pet	3 dog
user19409	other	polyamorous relationship
user19410	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19410	have	broken arm
user19410	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19410	like_general	wearing a hat
user19411	have_chidren	3 children
user19411	marital_status	married
user19411	like_food	ice cream
user19411	has_profession	plumber
user19412	has_hobby	rock climbing
user19412	like_activity	hiking
user19412	have_pet	1 dog
user19412	has_profession	engineer
user19412	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19413	misc_attribute	helpful
user19413	like_music	rock
user19413	have_pet	3 horse
user19414	has_age	40
user19414	dislike	0 my job
user19414	have_family	wife
user19414	job_status	employed
user19414	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user19415	like_sports	basketball
user19415	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19415	want_job	restauranteur
user19415	have_sibling	1 sister
user19416	have	no belief
user19416	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19416	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19417	like_activity	tanning
user19417	like_music	britney spears
user19417	has_hobby	diet
user19417	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19418	employed_by_company	burger king
user19418	have_family	mother
user19418	other	dont do drugs
user19418	have	friends
user19419	like_general	blue
user19419	marital_status	married
user19419	like_sports	running
user19419	gender	female
user19420	want_do	shoplift
user19420	has_age	old
user19420	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user19420	live_in_general	prison
user19421	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19421	has_age	45
user19421	have	medications
user19421	other	recovering alcoholic
user19421	place_origin	farm
user19422	other	<blank>
user19422	like_food	kosher
user19422	has_profession	stunt double
user19422	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19423	attend_school	high school
user19423	other	vegan
user19423	physical_attribute	brunette
user19423	like_general	purple
user19424	member_of	buddhism
user19424	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19424	misc_attribute	quiet
user19424	like_activity	meditation
user19424	dislike	job
user19425	like_activity	working out
user19425	has_profession	athlete
user19425	has_hobby	volunteer
user19425	has_hobby	volunteer
user19425	misc_attribute	social
user19426	previous_profession	teacher
user19426	like_watching	war
user19426	other	was poor growing up
user19427	has_age	olc
user19427	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19427	has_hobby	bird watching
user19427	dislike	holidays
user19428	favorite	way to relax
user19428	has_hobby	walking
user19428	has_profession	nurse
user19428	like_activity	spending time
user19429	like_goto	eat with friends
user19429	teach	kindergarten
user19429	has_age	24
user19429	like_music	taylor swift
user19430	other	famous twitch streamer
user19430	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19430	previous_profession	game designer
user19430	has_hobby	building a robot
user19430	other	allergy
user19431	like_food	chocolate
user19431	like_general	talking
user19431	like_activity	singing
user19431	has_age	4
user19431	want	dog
user19432	physical_attribute	pregnant
user19432	favorite_movie	documentary
user19432	has_hobby	reading
user19432	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19432	have_chidren	1 child
user19433	dislike	clowns
user19433	job_status	employed
user19433	has_hobby	gardening
user19433	other	was adopted at a young age
user19434	physical_attribute	brunette
user19434	like_activity	horseback riding
user19434	like_general	purple
user19434	other	vegan
user19435	have_pet	1 cat
user19435	favorite_movie	mean girls
user19435	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19435	like_activity	party
user19435	other	fear of heights
user19436	has_hobby	knitting
user19436	like_activity	baking
user19436	misc_attribute	fearful
user19436	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user19436	have_pet	dog
user19437	place_origin	new york
user19437	school_status	student
user19437	school_status	2011 graduated
user19438	has_profession	0 musician
user19438	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user19438	place_origin	the industryy
user19438	has_ability	play instrument
user19438	like_goto	park
user19439	want_do	0 move
user19439	have_pet	horse
user19439	live_in_general	horse farm
user19439	place_origin	small town
user19439	want_job	lawyer
user19440	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19440	have_pet	cat
user19440	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19440	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19440	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19441	like_food	ice cream
user19441	has_profession	plumber
user19441	marital_status	married
user19441	have_chidren	3 children
user19442	like_general	spiderman
user19442	like_general	cooking
user19442	has_hobby	fishing
user19442	has_profession	chef
user19443	school_status	graduate student
user19443	has_profession	dog walker
user19443	has_hobby	kayaking
user19443	like_read	psychology
user19444	has_ability	speak language
user19444	want_do	speak language
user19444	has_ability	speak language
user19445	dislike	scorpions
user19445	have_pet	dog
user19445	favorite_color	grey
user19446	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19446	have_chidren	son
user19446	favorite_movie	horror
user19447	like_drink	soda
user19447	like_food	hamburgers
user19447	live_in_general	house
user19447	like_activity	walking
user19447	have	1 <blank>
user19448	other	used to be pretty
user19448	has_profession	housekeeper
user19448	want_do	take over the world
user19448	have_chidren	2 children
user19448	has_age	56
user19449	live_in_general	house
user19449	has_profession	tennis player
user19449	marital_status	doctor
user19450	physical_attribute	brunette
user19450	attend_school	high school
user19450	like_activity	horseback riding
user19450	like_general	purple
user19451	physical_attribute	blonde
user19451	physical_attribute	skinny
user19451	like_general	skinny jeans
user19452	employed_by_general	school
user19452	like_goto	church
user19452	have_pet	dog
user19452	gender	female
user19453	like_food	all
user19453	has_hobby	traveling
user19453	like_activity	cooking
user19453	like_activity	trying new food
user19453	have_vehicle	boat
user19454	other	health
user19454	like_food	<blank>
user19454	job_status	employed
user19454	has_hobby	running
user19455	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19455	have_pet	2 dog
user19455	like_activity	mechanics
user19455	like_music	country
user19455	favorite_music	country
user19456	physical_attribute	pregnant
user19456	has_hobby	reading
user19456	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19456	have_chidren	1 child
user19456	favorite_movie	documentary
user19457	like_general	spiderman
user19457	has_hobby	fishing
user19457	like_general	cooking
user19457	like_read	comics
user19457	has_profession	chef
user19458	have_family	0 close
user19458	favorite_food	papaya
user19458	has_profession	farmer
user19458	other	name is george
user19459	favorite_food	schawarma
user19459	employed_by_general	army
user19459	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user19459	school_status	did not graduate
user19460	like_general	spiderman
user19460	like_read	comics
user19460	has_hobby	fishing
user19460	like_general	cooking
user19460	has_profession	chef
user19461	like_general	skinny jeans
user19461	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19461	physical_attribute	blonde
user19461	physical_attribute	skinny
user19462	misc_attribute	feminist
user19462	other	only eat organic food
user19462	like_general	internet browsing
user19462	have	solar panels
user19462	like_general	social media
user19463	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user19463	gender	male
user19463	misc_attribute	talented
user19463	have	powers
user19464	has_hobby	swimming
user19464	favorite_music	death metal
user19465	has_profession	construction worker
user19465	job_status	employed
user19465	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user19465	favorite_food	mexican food
user19466	live_in_general	0 germany
user19466	like_activity	amusement park
user19466	like_watching	cooking shows
user19466	other	vegan
user19467	own	house
user19467	attend_school	university
user19467	like_music	the rolling stones
user19467	like_food	raw food
user19467	marital_status	married
user19468	has_hobby	swimming
user19468	want_job	programmer
user19469	other	used to be pretty
user19469	has_age	56
user19469	has_profession	housekeeper
user19469	want_do	take over the world
user19470	have_family	mother
user19470	employed_by_company	burger king
user19470	have	friends
user19470	other	dont do drugs
user19471	other	was born in somalia
user19471	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19471	marital_status	married
user19471	have_family	aunt
user19472	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19472	like_sports	basketball
user19472	want_job	restauranteur
user19473	like_read	psychology
user19473	has_hobby	kayaking
user19473	has_profession	dog walker
user19473	school_status	graduate student
user19474	dislike	swimming
user19474	other	vegan
user19474	live_in_general	0 germany
user19474	like_activity	amusement park
user19475	live_in_general	horse farm
user19475	want_job	lawyer
user19475	want_do	0 move
user19475	place_origin	small town
user19476	has_profession	musician
user19476	has_ability	speak language
user19476	has_ability	speak language
user19477	has_age	31
user19477	have_pet	2 dog
user19477	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19477	like_drink	liquor
user19477	like_activity	chess
user19478	own	gold medal
user19478	like_animal	cat
user19478	have	1000 hats
user19478	like_food	ice cream
user19479	like_music	hip hop
user19479	favorite	toy
user19479	like_music	new kids on the block
user19479	other	born in 80s
user19480	favorite_food	papaya
user19480	other	name is george
user19480	has_profession	farmer
user19480	marital_status	married
user19480	have_family	0 close
user19481	other	was adopted at a young age
user19481	dislike	clowns
user19481	job_status	employed
user19482	like_activity	party
user19482	other	fear of heights
user19482	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19482	have_pet	1 cat
user19483	physical_attribute	immortal
user19483	other	remember when people had no television
user19483	like_drink	wine
user19483	has_age	100
user19484	have_chidren	3 children
user19484	has_profession	plumber
user19484	marital_status	married
user19484	like_food	ice cream
user19485	live_in_general	0 germany
user19485	like_watching	cooking shows
user19485	like_activity	amusement park
user19485	dislike	swimming
user19486	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19486	have_chidren	1 child
user19486	favorite_movie	documentary
user19486	has_hobby	reading
user19486	physical_attribute	pregnant
user19487	other	omnivore
user19487	own	home
user19487	employed_by_company	bank
user19487	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19488	like_food	<blank>
user19488	other	health
user19488	job_status	employed
user19489	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19489	have	skin
user19489	own	motorbike helmet
user19489	has_profession	waitress
user19489	like_activity	racing
user19490	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19490	like_food	taco
user19490	have_family	3 sister
user19490	have_sibling	1 brother
user19490	like_animal	dog
user19491	has_profession	athlete
user19491	favorite_color	yellow
user19491	like_sports	gymnastics
user19491	has_hobby	working out
user19492	previous_profession	football player
user19492	has_hobby	coffee
user19492	like_movie	starwars
user19492	like_activity	reading
user19493	own	mini van
user19493	like_drink	coffee
user19493	has_hobby	baseball
user19493	have_chidren	5 son
user19493	like_drink	red wine
user19494	own	nissan pathfinder
user19494	like_music	taylor swift
user19494	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user19494	physical_attribute	brunette
user19494	favorite_music	country
user19495	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user19495	favorite_music	country
user19495	like_music	taylor swift
user19495	own	nissan pathfinder
user19496	has_age	100
user19496	misc_attribute	strong
user19496	physical_attribute	immortal
user19496	other	remember when people had no television
user19496	like_drink	wine
user19497	other	dont do drugs
user19497	have_family	mother
user19497	have	friends
user19497	employed_by_company	burger king
user19498	like_music	new kids on the block
user19498	other	born in 80s
user19498	has_hobby	0 dancing
user19498	favorite	toy
user19499	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19499	want_job	restauranteur
user19499	like_sports	basketball
user19499	have_sibling	1 sister
user19500	like_activity	dance
user19500	have_family	aunt
user19500	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19500	marital_status	married
user19500	other	was born in somalia
user19501	like_activity	gambling
user19501	job_status	retired
user19501	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19501	like_activity	grilling
user19501	live_in_general	north
user19502	job_status	employed
user19502	<blank>	<blank>
user19502	marital_status	single
user19502	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user19502	has_hobby	gym
user19503	job_status	seeking employment
user19503	like_movie	friday
user19503	like_goto	park
user19503	has_profession	doctor
user19504	has_ability	play instrument
user19504	place_origin	the industryy
user19504	like_goto	park
user19504	has_profession	0 musician
user19505	previous_profession	game designer
user19505	other	famous twitch streamer
user19505	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19505	has_hobby	building a robot
user19506	favorite_color	yellow
user19506	like_food	italian cuisine
user19506	has_profession	athlete
user19506	like_sports	gymnastics
user19506	has_hobby	working out
user19507	like_activity	horseback riding
user19507	attend_school	high school
user19507	like_general	purple
user19507	other	vegan
user19508	has_profession	stunt double
user19508	other	<blank>
user19508	like_food	kosher
user19508	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19509	like_activity	working out
user19509	has_profession	athlete
user19509	has_hobby	volunteer
user19509	misc_attribute	social
user19510	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19510	like_goto	disney world
user19510	like_activity	singing
user19510	like_general	character
user19510	like_goto	playground
user19511	favorite_color	red and silver
user19511	has_profession	teacher
user19511	has_ability	3 speak language
user19512	have_chidren	2 children
user19512	has_age	56
user19512	want_do	take over the world
user19512	other	used to be pretty
user19512	has_profession	housekeeper
user19513	favorite_movie	horror
user19513	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19513	have_chidren	children
user19514	like_general	red
user19514	like_music	classical
user19514	other	christian
user19514	misc_attribute	athletic
user19515	has_ability	play instrument
user19515	has_hobby	ping pong
user19515	like_food	candy
user19515	has_ability	speak language
user19516	previous_profession	military
user19516	misc_attribute	helpful
user19516	has_hobby	volunteering
user19516	favorite_color	navy blue
user19516	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user19517	has_hobby	reading
user19517	like_food	kosher
user19517	other	<blank>
user19517	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19517	has_profession	stunt double
user19518	dislike	clowns
user19518	other	was adopted at a young age
user19518	has_hobby	gardening
user19518	job_status	employed
user19519	favorite_music	country
user19519	own	nissan pathfinder
user19519	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user19519	physical_attribute	brunette
user19520	other	christian
user19520	like_music	classical
user19520	like_general	red
user19521	like_activity	racing
user19521	has_profession	waitress
user19521	own	motorbike helmet
user19521	have	skin
user19521	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19522	dislike	job
user19522	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19522	like_activity	meditation
user19522	member_of	buddhism
user19523	has_hobby	volunteer
user19523	misc_attribute	social
user19523	has_hobby	volunteer
user19523	like_activity	working out
user19524	like_food	ice cream
user19524	like_animal	cat
user19524	have	1000 hats
user19524	own	gold medal
user19525	favorite_color	navy blue
user19525	has_hobby	volunteering
user19525	previous_profession	military
user19525	misc_attribute	helpful
user19526	has_ability	3 speak language
user19526	favorite_color	red and silver
user19526	has_hobby	photography
user19526	has_profession	teacher
user19527	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19527	have_pet	1 cat
user19527	favorite_movie	mean girls
user19527	other	fear of heights
user19528	have_vehicle	boat
user19528	has_hobby	traveling
user19528	like_activity	cooking
user19528	like_activity	trying new food
user19529	has_ability	play instrument
user19529	has_hobby	volunteer
user19529	has_profession	pianist
user19530	have_pet	cat
user19530	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19530	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19530	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19531	like_activity	racing
user19531	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19531	have	skin
user19531	own	motorbike helmet
user19531	has_profession	waitress
user19532	has_profession	dog walker
user19532	has_hobby	kayaking
user19532	school_status	graduate student
user19533	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19533	like_drink	coffee
user19533	like_drink	liquor
user19533	dislike	pink
user19534	has_hobby	ping pong
user19534	like_food	candy
user19534	has_ability	speak language
user19535	has_profession	engineer
user19535	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19535	like_activity	hiking
user19535	have_pet	1 dog
user19536	has_hobby	watch too much tv in spare time
user19536	has_hobby	gym
user19536	marital_status	single
user19536	job_status	employed
user19536	<blank>	<blank>
user19537	favorite_food	pizza
user19537	has_ability	produce
user19537	have_pet	named charlie
user19537	<blank>	<blank>
user19537	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19538	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19538	favorite_music	country
user19538	like_activity	mechanics
user19538	have_pet	2 dog
user19538	like_music	country
user19539	favorite_music	death metal
user19539	has_hobby	swimming
user19539	want_job	programmer
user19540	have	house in florida
user19540	job_status	employed
user19540	have_chidren	children
user19540	gender	male
user19541	has_age	24
user19541	teach	kindergarten
user19541	marital_status	engaged
user19541	like_music	taylor swift
user19542	has_age	60
user19542	like_activity	travel
user19542	want_do	retire
user19542	has_profession	librarian
user19543	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19543	have_chidren	son
user19543	have_chidren	children
user19543	favorite_movie	horror
user19544	want_job	lawyer
user19544	have_pet	horse
user19544	place_origin	small town
user19544	live_in_general	horse farm
user19545	like_activity	shopping
user19545	like_activity	tanning
user19545	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19545	has_hobby	diet
user19546	like_activity	traveling
user19546	school_status	student
user19546	like_general	cook paella
user19546	like_food	fish
user19546	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user19547	like_watching	war
user19547	has_hobby	volunteer
user19547	previous_profession	teacher
user19547	other	was poor growing up
user19548	has_age	old
user19548	live_in_general	juvenile detention
user19548	live_in_general	prison
user19548	want_do	shoplift
user19549	has_ability	play instrument
user19549	like_food	candy
user19549	has_ability	speak language
user19549	has_hobby	ping pong
user19550	has_age	56
user19550	other	used to be pretty
user19550	have_chidren	2 children
user19550	has_profession	housekeeper
user19550	want_do	take over the world
user19551	like_general	skinny jeans
user19551	physical_attribute	blonde
user19551	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19551	physical_attribute	skinny
user19552	<blank>	<blank>
user19552	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19552	favorite_food	pizza
user19552	has_ability	produce
user19553	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19553	has_hobby	reading
user19553	favorite_movie	documentary
user19553	physical_attribute	pregnant
user19554	own	motorbike helmet
user19554	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19554	have	skin
user19554	has_profession	waitress
user19554	like_activity	racing
user19555	has_hobby	video games
user19555	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19555	like_food	donuts
user19555	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user19556	like_activity	mechanics
user19556	favorite_music	country
user19556	like_music	country
user19556	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19557	misc_attribute	strong
user19557	other	remember when people had no television
user19557	has_age	100
user19557	like_drink	wine
user19558	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19558	have_chidren	children
user19558	job_status	retired
user19558	has_ability	sew
user19558	have	cancer
user19559	dislike	job
user19559	member_of	buddhism
user19559	misc_attribute	quiet
user19559	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19560	like_activity	taking bubble baths
user19560	have_pet	2 dog
user19560	like_drink	liquor
user19560	has_age	31
user19561	employed_by_company	burger king
user19561	have_family	mother
user19561	other	dont do drugs
user19561	have	friends
user19562	has_hobby	running
user19562	want_job	physical therapist
user19562	attend_school	high school
user19562	school_status	straight
user19562	school_status	student
user19563	physical_attribute	partial deafness
user19563	own	library
user19563	has_hobby	gardening
user19563	like_drink	tea
user19564	job_status	employed
user19564	gender	male
user19564	have_chidren	children
user19565	have	1000 hats
user19565	like_animal	cat
user19565	like_food	ice cream
user19565	own	gold medal
user19566	have_sibling	1 brother
user19566	like_food	taco
user19566	have_family	3 sister
user19566	like_animal	dog
user19567	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19567	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19567	like_general	wearing a hat
user19567	have	broken arm
user19568	school_status	did not graduate
user19568	favorite_food	schawarma
user19568	employed_by_general	army
user19569	like_drink	liquor
user19569	dislike	pink
user19569	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19570	place_origin	the industryy
user19570	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user19570	has_profession	0 musician
user19570	has_ability	play instrument
user19571	other	remember when people had no television
user19571	has_age	100
user19571	physical_attribute	immortal
user19571	like_drink	wine
user19572	like_food	kosher
user19572	has_hobby	reading
user19572	other	<blank>
user19572	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19572	has_profession	stunt double
user19573	has_age	60
user19573	want_do	retire
user19573	has_profession	librarian
user19573	like_goto	spain
user19573	like_activity	travel
user19574	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19574	like_activity	singing
user19574	like_goto	disney world
user19574	like_general	character
user19574	like_goto	playground
user19575	like_music	country
user19575	employed_by_general	farm
user19575	have_pet	1 cow
user19575	has_profession	electrician
user19576	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19576	other	allergy
user19576	has_hobby	building a robot
user19576	other	famous twitch streamer
user19577	favorite_food	papaya
user19577	other	name is george
user19577	has_profession	farmer
user19577	marital_status	married
user19578	employed_by_general	school
user19578	have_chidren	step children
user19578	own	new home
user19578	job_status	employed
user19579	misc_attribute	lonely
user19579	have	superpowers
user19579	live_in_general	cloud
user19579	physical_attribute	small
user19580	have_pet	fish
user19580	marital_status	single
user19580	has_age	18
user19580	favorite_color	orange
user19581	dislike	0 my job
user19581	job_status	employed
user19581	have_family	wife
user19581	has_age	40
user19581	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user19582	dislike	blood
user19582	want_job	work from home
user19582	like_activity	video games
user19582	attend_school	university
user19583	favorite_music_artist	up
user19583	has_hobby	board games
user19583	has_profession	teacher
user19584	like_goto	disney world
user19584	like_general	character
user19584	like_goto	playground
user19584	like_activity	singing
user19584	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19585	have	solar panels
user19585	like_general	social media
user19585	misc_attribute	feminist
user19585	other	only eat organic food
user19585	like_general	internet browsing
user19586	have_pet	cat
user19586	has_profession	construction worker
user19586	like_activity	building houses
user19586	have_pet	5 cat
user19587	have_chidren	son
user19587	have_chidren	children
user19587	favorite_movie	horror
user19587	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19588	like_activity	cooking
user19588	have_vehicle	boat
user19588	like_food	all
user19588	has_hobby	traveling
user19589	have_pet	cat
user19589	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19589	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19589	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19589	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19590	have_pet	dog
user19590	misc_attribute	fearful
user19590	has_hobby	knitting
user19590	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user19590	like_activity	baking
user19591	has_hobby	running
user19591	school_status	student
user19591	want_job	physical therapist
user19591	school_status	straight
user19592	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19592	have_chidren	children
user19592	favorite_movie	horror
user19592	have_chidren	son
user19593	school_status	student
user19593	want_job	physical therapist
user19593	attend_school	high school
user19593	has_hobby	running
user19593	school_status	straight
user19594	other	omnivore
user19594	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19594	employed_by_company	bank
user19594	own	home
user19595	has_hobby	gardening
user19595	other	was adopted at a young age
user19595	dislike	clowns
user19595	job_status	employed
user19596	marital_status	doctor
user19596	live_in_general	house
user19596	has_profession	tennis player
user19596	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19597	favorite_music	country
user19597	have_pet	2 dog
user19597	like_activity	mechanics
user19597	like_music	country
user19597	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19598	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19598	other	recovering alcoholic
user19598	have	medications
user19598	place_origin	farm
user19599	like_watching	cooking shows
user19599	like_activity	amusement park
user19599	dislike	swimming
user19599	other	vegan
user19599	live_in_general	0 germany
user19600	own	new home
user19600	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19600	employed_by_general	school
user19600	job_status	employed
user19600	have_chidren	step children
user19601	dislike	scorpions
user19601	have_pet	dog
user19601	favorite_color	grey
user19601	employed_by_general	postal service
user19602	has_profession	chef
user19602	like_general	cooking
user19602	like_read	comics
user19602	like_general	spiderman
user19603	have_family	mother
user19603	have	friends
user19603	employed_by_company	burger king
user19604	has_profession	athlete
user19604	like_food	italian cuisine
user19604	favorite_color	yellow
user19604	like_sports	gymnastics
user19604	has_hobby	working out
user19605	physical_attribute	blonde
user19605	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19605	like_general	skinny jeans
user19605	physical_attribute	skinny
user19606	have_pet	dog
user19606	like_goto	church
user19606	gender	female
user19606	employed_by_general	school
user19607	gender	male
user19607	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user19607	physical_attribute	transplant
user19607	misc_attribute	talented
user19607	have	powers
user19608	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19608	have	medications
user19608	other	recovering alcoholic
user19608	place_origin	farm
user19609	like_food	ice cream
user19609	have_chidren	3 children
user19609	like_activity	park
user19609	marital_status	married
user19610	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19610	like_drink	liquor
user19610	dislike	pink
user19610	like_drink	coffee
user19611	have_pet	dog
user19611	like_watching	comedy
user19611	like_watching	sport
user19612	has_profession	musician
user19612	has_profession	janitor
user19612	has_ability	play instrument
user19613	like_goto	beach
user19613	has_profession	teacher
user19613	favorite_music_artist	up
user19614	like_goto	disney world
user19614	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19614	like_general	character
user19614	like_activity	singing
user19615	live_in_general	cloud
user19615	have	superpowers
user19615	like_activity	stopping time
user19615	physical_attribute	small
user19616	have_chidren	children
user19616	have	house in florida
user19616	job_status	employed
user19617	have_chidren	step children
user19617	own	new home
user19617	employed_by_general	school
user19617	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19617	job_status	employed
user19618	like_food	all
user19618	like_activity	cooking
user19618	like_activity	trying new food
user19618	have_vehicle	boat
user19618	has_hobby	traveling
user19619	have_family	aunt
user19619	other	was born in somalia
user19619	like_activity	dance
user19619	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19620	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user19620	like_food	donuts
user19620	has_hobby	video games
user19620	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19621	have	1000 hats
user19621	own	gold medal
user19621	like_animal	cat
user19622	physical_attribute	overweight
user19622	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19622	have	no belief
user19622	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19623	<blank>	<blank>
user19623	favorite_food	pizza
user19623	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19623	has_ability	produce
user19623	have_pet	named charlie
user19624	other	was born in somalia
user19624	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19624	marital_status	married
user19624	have_family	aunt
user19625	physical_attribute	overweight
user19625	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19625	have	no belief
user19625	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19626	like_activity	video games
user19626	dislike	blood
user19626	want_job	work from home
user19626	attend_school	university
user19627	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19627	like_general	character
user19627	like_goto	playground
user19627	like_goto	disney world
user19628	have	friends
user19628	other	dont do drugs
user19628	have_family	mother
user19628	employed_by_company	burger king
user19629	has_hobby	diet
user19629	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19629	like_activity	shopping
user19629	like_activity	tanning
user19630	has_hobby	knitting
user19630	misc_attribute	fearful
user19630	favorite_place	county wide bake sale
user19630	like_activity	baking
user19631	dislike	pink
user19631	like_drink	liquor
user19631	like_drink	coffee
user19631	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19632	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19632	have_sibling	1 brother
user19632	like_food	taco
user19632	have_family	3 sister
user19632	like_animal	dog
user19633	have_chidren	2 children
user19633	other	used to be pretty
user19633	has_age	56
user19633	has_profession	housekeeper
user19634	has_profession	recording engineer
user19634	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user19634	has_age	46
user19634	like_general	being indoors
user19635	has_hobby	kayaking
user19635	like_read	psychology
user19635	has_profession	dog walker
user19635	school_status	graduate student
user19636	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19636	dislike	pink
user19636	like_drink	liquor
user19636	like_drink	coffee
user19637	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19637	own	home
user19637	employed_by_company	bank
user19637	other	omnivore
user19638	has_profession	0 musician
user19638	has_ability	play instrument
user19638	like_goto	park
user19638	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user19639	misc_attribute	social
user19639	has_hobby	volunteer
user19639	has_hobby	volunteer
user19639	like_activity	working out
user19640	previous_profession	teacher
user19640	other	was poor growing up
user19640	like_watching	war
user19641	have	broken arm
user19641	like_general	wearing a hat
user19641	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19641	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19642	previous_profession	game designer
user19642	other	allergy
user19642	misc_attribute	reclusive
user19642	other	famous twitch streamer
user19642	has_hobby	building a robot
user19643	has_hobby	fishing
user19643	like_general	spiderman
user19643	has_profession	chef
user19643	like_general	cooking
user19643	like_read	comics
user19644	like_goto	gym
user19644	has_hobby	exercising
user19644	physical_attribute	short hair
user19644	have_pet	2 dog
user19644	has_ability	eating
user19645	attend_school	university
user19645	marital_status	married
user19645	own	house
user19645	like_music	the rolling stones
user19645	like_food	raw food
user19646	has_hobby	video games
user19646	favorite_music_artist	insane clown posse
user19646	like_food	donuts
user19646	has_hobby	driving
user19646	has_hobby	live action roleplay
user19647	like_general	being indoors
user19647	has_age	46
user19647	has_profession	recording engineer
user19647	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user19648	like_goto	park
user19648	has_profession	doctor
user19648	like_movie	friday
user19648	job_status	seeking employment
user19649	has_hobby	volunteer
user19649	has_hobby	volunteer
user19649	has_profession	athlete
user19649	like_activity	working out
user19649	misc_attribute	social
user19650	like_activity	hiking
user19650	has_profession	engineer
user19650	have_pet	1 dog
user19650	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19651	has_profession	stunt double
user19651	like_food	kosher
user19651	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19651	has_hobby	reading
user19652	live_in_general	horse farm
user19652	have_pet	horse
user19652	want_do	0 move
user19652	want_job	lawyer
user19653	misc_attribute	talented
user19653	physical_attribute	transplant
user19653	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user19653	gender	male
user19653	have	powers
user19654	like_general	pobox
user19654	has_age	12
user19654	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user19654	misc_attribute	lonely
user19655	dislike	0 my job
user19655	job_status	employed
user19655	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user19655	have_family	wife
user19656	has_age	56
user19656	want_do	take over the world
user19656	other	used to be pretty
user19656	has_profession	housekeeper
user19657	live_in_general	0 germany
user19657	like_activity	amusement park
user19657	dislike	swimming
user19657	other	vegan
user19657	like_watching	cooking shows
user19658	own	nissan pathfinder
user19658	physical_attribute	brunette
user19658	like_music	taylor swift
user19658	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user19659	previous_profession	teacher
user19659	has_hobby	volunteer
user19659	other	was poor growing up
user19660	has_profession	teacher
user19660	favorite_color	red and silver
user19660	has_ability	3 speak language
user19661	like_activity	racing
user19661	have	skin
user19661	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19661	own	motorbike helmet
user19662	has_profession	doctor
user19662	job_status	seeking employment
user19662	like_movie	friday
user19662	like_goto	park
user19663	like_general	red
user19663	like_music	classical
user19663	other	christian
user19664	has_ability	speak language
user19664	has_hobby	ping pong
user19664	like_food	candy
user19665	has_profession	construction worker
user19665	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user19665	job_status	employed
user19665	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user19665	favorite_food	mexican food
user19666	want	rollys royce ghost
user19666	has_hobby	shopping
user19666	like_general	shopping
user19667	misc_attribute	lazy
user19667	has_age	4
user19667	have_pet	reptile
user19667	like_general	play
user19667	have	friend
user19668	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user19668	has_age	46
user19668	has_profession	recording engineer
user19669	like_goto	the city
user19669	has_hobby	volunteer
user19669	has_profession	pianist
user19670	like_read	psychology
user19670	has_hobby	kayaking
user19670	has_profession	dog walker
user19671	favorite	toy
user19671	other	born in 80s
user19671	like_music	hip hop
user19671	has_hobby	0 dancing
user19672	like_sports	basketball
user19672	have_sibling	1 sister
user19672	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19673	has_hobby	volunteer
user19673	previous_profession	teacher
user19673	other	was poor growing up
user19673	like_watching	war
user19674	school_status	did not graduate
user19674	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user19674	favorite_food	schawarma
user19675	previous_profession	teacher
user19675	other	was poor growing up
user19675	has_hobby	volunteer
user19675	like_watching	war
user19676	has_age	56
user19676	want_do	take over the world
user19676	has_profession	housekeeper
user19676	have_chidren	2 children
user19677	like_music	taylor swift
user19677	has_age	24
user19677	like_goto	eat with friends
user19677	marital_status	engaged
user19678	other	was poor growing up
user19678	previous_profession	teacher
user19678	has_hobby	volunteer
user19678	like_watching	war
user19679	job_status	employed
user19679	have_family	wife
user19679	has_age	40
user19679	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user19680	misc_attribute	helpful
user19680	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19680	like_music	rock
user19681	want_do	retire
user19681	like_goto	spain
user19681	has_profession	librarian
user19681	has_age	60
user19682	like_food	all
user19682	has_hobby	traveling
user19682	like_activity	trying new food
user19682	like_activity	cooking
user19682	have_vehicle	boat
user19683	favorite_music	death metal
user19683	want_job	programmer
user19683	has_hobby	swimming
user19684	have_chidren	children
user19684	job_status	employed
user19684	gender	male
user19685	have_pet	3 dog
user19685	like_watching	1 sport
user19685	has_profession	dog walker
user19686	favorite_color	orange
user19686	marital_status	single
user19686	has_age	18
user19686	like_activity	hiking
user19686	have_pet	fish
user19687	like_general	spiderman
user19687	has_profession	chef
user19687	has_hobby	fishing
user19687	like_read	comics
user19688	other	only eat organic food
user19688	like_general	social media
user19688	misc_attribute	feminist
user19688	have	solar panels
user19688	like_general	internet browsing
user19689	like_activity	amusement park
user19689	dislike	swimming
user19689	live_in_general	0 germany
user19689	like_watching	cooking shows
user19689	other	vegan
user19690	employed_by_general	convenience store manager
user19690	physical_attribute	brunette
user19690	own	nissan pathfinder
user19690	favorite_music	country
user19690	like_music	taylor swift
user19691	has_profession	0 musician
user19691	has_ability	play instrument
user19691	place_origin	the industryy
user19691	like_goto	park
user19692	live_in_citystatecountry	colorado
user19692	has_profession	engineer
user19692	has_hobby	rock climbing
user19692	have_pet	1 dog
user19692	like_activity	hiking
user19693	has_age	24
user19693	like_goto	eat with friends
user19693	marital_status	engaged
user19693	teach	kindergarten
user19693	like_music	taylor swift
user19694	other	was born in somalia
user19694	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19694	like_activity	dance
user19694	have_family	aunt
user19695	have	cancer
user19695	have_chidren	children
user19695	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19695	job_status	retired
user19696	has_ability	dance
user19696	have_pet	dog
user19696	attend_school	chemistry
user19696	dislike	being a disappointment
user19697	like_food	candy
user19697	has_ability	speak language
user19697	has_ability	play instrument
user19697	has_hobby	ping pong
user19698	school_status	graduate student
user19698	has_profession	dog walker
user19698	has_hobby	kayaking
user19698	like_read	psychology
user19699	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19699	has_hobby	shopping
user19699	like_general	shopping
user19700	has_age	56
user19700	want_do	take over the world
user19700	have_chidren	2 children
user19700	other	used to be pretty
user19701	like_goto	park
user19701	has_profession	doctor
user19701	like_movie	friday
user19701	job_status	seeking employment
user19702	have_chidren	children
user19702	have_chidren	son
user19702	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19702	favorite_movie	horror
user19703	like_general	cook paella
user19703	like_food	fish
user19703	school_status	student
user19703	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user19704	have_pet	dog
user19704	favorite_color	grey
user19704	dislike	scorpions
user19704	employed_by_general	postal service
user19705	school_status	2011 graduated
user19705	own	bmw
user19705	school_status	student
user19705	place_origin	new york
user19706	misc_attribute	strong
user19706	has_age	100
user19706	physical_attribute	immortal
user19706	like_drink	wine
user19707	favorite_movie	documentary
user19707	have_chidren	1 child
user19707	live_in_citystatecountry	pennsylvania
user19707	physical_attribute	pregnant
user19708	has_ability	speak language
user19708	want_do	speak language
user19708	has_profession	musician
user19708	has_ability	speak language
user19709	has_profession	tennis player
user19709	marital_status	doctor
user19709	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19709	live_in_general	house
user19710	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19710	has_profession	waitress
user19710	have	skin
user19710	like_activity	racing
user19711	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19711	favorite_food	pizza with black olives
user19711	have_pet	cat
user19711	favorite_music_artist	the who
user19711	employed_by_general	supermarket
user19712	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user19712	school_status	did not graduate
user19712	employed_by_general	army
user19713	have	skin
user19713	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19713	has_profession	waitress
user19713	own	motorbike helmet
user19714	like_activity	gambling
user19714	like_activity	grilling
user19714	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19714	live_in_general	north
user19714	job_status	retired
user19715	like_general	wearing a hat
user19715	have	broken arm
user19715	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19716	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user19716	has_hobby	volunteering
user19716	favorite_color	navy blue
user19716	previous_profession	military
user19716	misc_attribute	helpful
user19717	has_hobby	reading
user19717	has_profession	stunt double
user19717	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19717	other	<blank>
user19717	like_food	kosher
user19718	gender	female
user19718	marital_status	married
user19718	other	vegetarian
user19718	like_sports	running
user19719	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user19719	employed_by_general	army
user19719	favorite_food	schawarma
user19720	has_profession	construction worker
user19720	have_pet	5 cat
user19720	have_pet	cat
user19721	has_profession	insurance
user19721	job_status	employed
user19722	other	recovering alcoholic
user19722	has_age	45
user19722	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19722	place_origin	farm
user19723	favorite_music	country
user19723	like_music	country
user19723	have_pet	2 dog
user19723	like_activity	mechanics
user19724	marital_status	engaged
user19724	like_goto	eat with friends
user19724	like_music	taylor swift
user19724	has_age	24
user19724	teach	kindergarten
user19725	misc_attribute	talented
user19725	physical_attribute	transplant
user19725	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user19725	have	powers
user19726	own	motorbike helmet
user19726	have	skin
user19726	like_activity	racing
user19726	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19727	gender	female
user19727	like_goto	church
user19727	employed_by_general	school
user19727	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19728	has_age	18
user19728	favorite_color	orange
user19728	marital_status	single
user19728	have_pet	fish
user19729	physical_attribute	blonde
user19729	physical_attribute	skinny
user19729	like_general	skinny jeans
user19729	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19730	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19730	like_goto	church
user19730	have_pet	dog
user19730	employed_by_general	school
user19731	own	mini van
user19731	like_drink	coffee
user19731	like_drink	red wine
user19731	has_hobby	baseball
user19732	has_hobby	bird watching
user19732	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19732	dislike	holidays
user19732	has_age	olc
user19733	favorite_color	grey
user19733	have_pet	dog
user19733	dislike	scorpions
user19733	employed_by_general	postal service
user19734	like_animal	dog
user19734	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19734	like_food	taco
user19734	have_sibling	1 brother
user19734	have_family	3 sister
user19735	have_pet	dog
user19735	gender	female
user19735	like_goto	church
user19735	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19736	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19736	like_general	shopping
user19736	want	rollys royce ghost
user19737	gender	female
user19737	like_goto	church
user19737	have_pet	dog
user19737	employed_by_general	school
user19737	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19738	has_age	12
user19738	dislike	school
user19738	like_general	pobox
user19738	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user19739	marital_status	doctor
user19739	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19739	live_in_general	house
user19739	has_profession	tennis player
user19740	have_family	wife
user19740	has_age	40
user19740	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user19740	dislike	0 my job
user19741	has_profession	construction worker
user19741	have_pet	cat
user19741	have_pet	5 cat
user19742	has_profession	librarian
user19742	like_activity	travel
user19742	like_goto	spain
user19742	want_do	retire
user19742	has_age	60
user19743	like_activity	reading
user19743	previous_profession	football player
user19743	like_movie	starwars
user19743	has_hobby	coffee
user19744	dislike	holidays
user19744	physical_attribute	rainbow hair
user19744	has_age	olc
user19744	misc_attribute	animal activist
user19744	has_hobby	bird watching
user19745	member_of	sports team
user19745	attend_school	<blank>
user19745	dislike	math
user19745	has_age	13
user19746	job_status	employed
user19746	have	house in florida
user19746	have_chidren	children
user19746	gender	male
user19747	like_activity	tanning
user19747	like_activity	shopping
user19747	has_hobby	diet
user19747	misc_attribute	high maintenance
user19748	like_general	talking
user19748	like_activity	singing
user19748	like_food	chocolate
user19748	want	dog
user19749	job_status	employed
user19749	dislike	clowns
user19749	other	was adopted at a young age
user19750	live_in_citystatecountry	alabama
user19750	like_food	taco
user19750	have_sibling	1 brother
user19750	have_family	3 sister
user19751	own	gold medal
user19751	like_animal	cat
user19751	like_food	ice cream
user19751	have	1000 hats
user19752	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19752	misc_attribute	helpful
user19752	like_music	rock
user19752	have_pet	3 horse
user19753	like_general	red
user19753	like_music	classical
user19753	other	christian
user19753	misc_attribute	athletic
user19754	misc_attribute	helpful
user19754	have_pet	3 horse
user19754	like_music	rock
user19754	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19755	own	home
user19755	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19755	other	omnivore
user19756	favorite_music_artist	aerosmith
user19756	job_status	employed
user19756	has_profession	construction worker
user19756	favorite_food	mexican food
user19756	like_watching	nascar and ufc
user19757	like_food	chocolate
user19757	like_activity	singing
user19757	like_general	talking
user19757	want	dog
user19757	has_age	4
user19758	like_food	raw food
user19758	attend_school	university
user19758	own	house
user19758	like_music	the rolling stones
user19758	marital_status	married
user19759	member_of	sports team
user19759	attend_school	<blank>
user19759	dislike	math
user19759	has_age	13
user19760	<blank>	<blank>
user19760	has_ability	produce
user19760	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19760	favorite_food	pizza
user19761	like_activity	grilling
user19761	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19761	like_activity	gambling
user19761	live_in_general	north
user19761	job_status	retired
user19762	have	medications
user19762	live_in_citystatecountry	city
user19762	other	recovering alcoholic
user19762	has_age	45
user19763	like_read	psychology
user19763	has_hobby	kayaking
user19763	school_status	graduate student
user19763	has_profession	dog walker
user19764	favorite_music_artist	up
user19764	has_profession	teacher
user19764	has_hobby	board games
user19765	other	omnivore
user19765	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19765	employed_by_company	bank
user19766	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19766	misc_attribute	helpful
user19766	have_pet	3 horse
user19766	like_music	rock
user19767	like_general	wearing a hat
user19767	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19767	have	broken arm
user19768	like_activity	gambling
user19768	job_status	retired
user19768	like_activity	grilling
user19768	like_activity	mowing my lawn
user19769	like_food	hamburgers
user19769	like_activity	walking
user19769	have	1 <blank>
user19769	live_in_general	house
user19769	like_drink	soda
user19770	misc_attribute	helpful
user19770	like_music	rock
user19770	has_hobby	horseback riding
user19770	have_pet	3 horse
user19771	physical_attribute	blonde
user19771	favorite	band shirts and ruffle sleeves
user19771	physical_attribute	skinny
user19772	dislike	0 my job
user19772	has_age	40
user19772	job_status	employed
user19772	have_family	wife
user19772	marital_status	plan on getting divorce
user19773	dislike	job
user19773	like_activity	meditation
user19773	misc_attribute	quiet
user19773	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19774	have	powers
user19774	physical_attribute	born hear on outside of body
user19774	physical_attribute	transplant
user19774	misc_attribute	talented
user19774	gender	male
user19775	attend_school	university
user19775	marital_status	married
user19775	own	house
user19775	like_music	the rolling stones
user19775	like_food	raw food
user19776	physical_attribute	small
user19776	like_activity	stopping time
user19776	have	superpowers
user19776	live_in_general	cloud
user19776	misc_attribute	lonely
user19777	other	was poor growing up
user19777	has_hobby	volunteer
user19777	previous_profession	teacher
user19778	employed_by_general	school
user19778	have_pet	dog
user19778	like_general	gardening and walking outdoors
user19778	gender	female
user19778	like_goto	church
user19779	has_profession	0 musician
user19779	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user19779	place_origin	the industryy
user19779	has_ability	play instrument
user19779	like_goto	park
user19780	like_music	the rolling stones
user19780	own	house
user19780	attend_school	university
user19780	like_food	raw food
user19781	dislike	scorpions
user19781	favorite_color	grey
user19781	employed_by_general	postal service
user19781	have_pet	dog
user19782	have_pet	3 dog
user19782	like_watching	1 sport
user19782	other	polyamorous relationship
user19782	has_profession	dog walker
user19783	attend_school	university
user19783	dislike	blood
user19783	like_activity	video games
user19783	have	dyed hair
user19783	want_job	work from home
user19784	has_profession	recording engineer
user19784	like_general	being indoors
user19784	has_age	46
user19784	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user19785	like_general	pobox
user19785	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user19785	has_age	12
user19785	misc_attribute	lonely
user19786	has_profession	farmer
user19786	other	name is george
user19786	favorite_food	papaya
user19786	marital_status	married
user19786	have_family	0 close
user19787	have	broken arm
user19787	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19787	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19787	like_general	wearing a hat
user19788	misc_attribute	athletic
user19788	like_general	red
user19788	like_music	classical
user19789	has_ability	play instrument
user19789	has_ability	speak language
user19789	like_food	candy
user19789	has_hobby	ping pong
user19790	job_status	employed
user19790	has_hobby	running
user19790	like_food	<blank>
user19791	gender	female
user19791	other	vegetarian
user19791	marital_status	married
user19791	like_sports	running
user19792	has_hobby	volunteer
user19792	has_profession	athlete
user19792	misc_attribute	social
user19792	has_hobby	volunteer
user19793	have_chidren	step children
user19793	employed_by_general	school
user19793	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19793	job_status	employed
user19794	favorite_movie	horror
user19794	have_chidren	son
user19794	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19795	like_movie	friday
user19795	has_profession	doctor
user19795	job_status	seeking employment
user19795	like_goto	park
user19796	like_animal	cat
user19796	like_food	ice cream
user19796	have	1000 hats
user19797	like_goto	disney world
user19797	like_goto	playground
user19797	like_general	character
user19797	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19798	dislike	blood
user19798	want_job	work from home
user19798	attend_school	university
user19798	like_activity	video games
user19798	have	dyed hair
user19799	favorite_music_artist	up
user19799	like_goto	beach
user19799	has_profession	teacher
user19799	has_hobby	board games
user19800	favorite_music	death metal
user19800	has_hobby	swimming
user19801	have_pet	named charlie
user19801	<blank>	<blank>
user19801	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19801	favorite_food	pizza
user19802	own	motorbike helmet
user19802	like_activity	racing
user19802	has_profession	waitress
user19802	have	skin
user19802	have_vehicle	motorcycle
user19803	have_sibling	1 brother
user19803	like_food	taco
user19803	have_family	3 sister
user19803	like_animal	dog
user19804	has_hobby	volunteer
user19804	has_profession	athlete
user19804	misc_attribute	social
user19804	has_hobby	volunteer
user19805	have_family	mother
user19805	have	friends
user19805	other	dont do drugs
user19806	like_activity	meditation
user19806	live_in_citystatecountry	alaska
user19806	dislike	job
user19806	member_of	buddhism
user19806	misc_attribute	quiet
user19807	favorite_movie	horror
user19807	have_chidren	children
user19807	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19808	physical_attribute	blue eyes and red hair that comes to my waist
user19808	like_general	pobox
user19808	dislike	school
user19808	has_age	12
user19809	dislike	swimming
user19809	like_activity	amusement park
user19809	other	vegan
user19809	like_watching	cooking shows
user19810	has_ability	play instrument
user19810	like_food	candy
user19810	has_ability	speak language
user19811	other	dont do drugs
user19811	have	friends
user19811	employed_by_company	burger king
user19812	has_ability	3 speak language
user19812	has_profession	teacher
user19812	has_hobby	photography
user19813	has_age	13
user19813	dislike	math
user19813	attend_school	<blank>
user19813	member_of	sports team
user19814	have_pet	5 cat
user19814	have_pet	cat
user19814	like_activity	building houses
user19814	has_profession	construction worker
user19815	has_hobby	ping pong
user19815	like_food	candy
user19815	has_ability	play instrument
user19815	has_ability	speak language
user19816	place_origin	small town
user19816	want_job	lawyer
user19816	have_pet	horse
user19816	live_in_general	horse farm
user19817	other	<blank>
user19817	like_food	kosher
user19817	has_profession	stunt double
user19817	has_hobby	reading
user19817	other	never broke a bone in my body ever in my life
user19818	have_pet	dog
user19818	live_in_general	farm
user19818	like_watching	comedy
user19818	like_watching	sport
user19819	like_activity	dance
user19819	have_family	aunt
user19819	live_in_citystatecountry	united states
user19819	marital_status	married
user19820	physical_attribute	brunette
user19820	like_general	purple
user19820	other	vegan
user19820	like_activity	horseback riding
user19820	attend_school	high school
user19821	school_status	did not graduate
user19821	employed_by_general	army
user19821	live_in_citystatecountry	canada
user19821	favorite_food	schawarma
user19822	has_hobby	walking
user19822	like_goto	disneyland
user19822	favorite	way to relax
user19822	like_activity	spending time
user19822	has_profession	nurse
user19823	want	rollys royce ghost
user19823	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19823	like_general	shopping
user19823	has_hobby	shopping
user19824	has_hobby	running
user19824	job_status	employed
user19824	like_food	<blank>
user19825	other	remember when people had no television
user19825	physical_attribute	immortal
user19825	like_drink	wine
user19825	misc_attribute	strong
user19826	place_origin	the industryy
user19826	like_goto	park
user19826	has_profession	0 musician
user19826	favorite_music_artist	rascal flatts
user19827	attend_school	university
user19827	like_food	raw food
user19827	marital_status	married
user19827	like_music	the rolling stones
user19827	own	house
user19828	have_pet	horse
user19828	want_do	0 move
user19828	place_origin	small town
user19828	live_in_general	horse farm
user19828	want_job	lawyer
user19829	marital_status	married
user19829	attend_school	university
user19829	like_food	raw food
user19829	like_music	the rolling stones
user19829	own	house
user19830	like_activity	singing
user19830	has_age	4
user19830	like_general	talking
user19830	like_food	chocolate
user19830	want	dog
user19831	live_in_general	cloud
user19831	have	superpowers
user19831	like_activity	stopping time
user19831	misc_attribute	lonely
user19831	physical_attribute	small
user19832	want	rollys royce ghost
user19832	like_general	shopping
user19832	employed_by_general	watch dealer
user19833	has_hobby	coffee
user19833	previous_profession	football player
user19833	like_movie	starwars
user19833	like_activity	reading
user19834	like_activity	singing
user19834	like_general	character
user19834	like_goto	disney world
user19834	attend_school	3 elementary school
user19835	own	gold medal
user19835	like_food	ice cream
user19835	have	1000 hats
user19835	like_animal	cat
user19836	other	descendant of christopher columbus
user19836	like_general	cook paella
user19836	like_food	fish
user19836	like_activity	traveling
user19836	school_status	student
user19837	previous_profession	10 human services field
user19837	favorite_movie	horror
user19837	have_chidren	son
user19837	have_chidren	children
user19838	other	"dont have a smartphone"
user19838	has_ability	sew
user19838	job_status	retired
user19838	have	cancer
user19839	marital_status	married
user19839	like_sports	running
user19839	like_general	blue
user19839	gender	female
user19840	physical_attribute	overweight
user19840	employed_by_general	nursing home
user19840	have	no belief
user19840	favorite_hobby	electronics
user19841	want_job	programmer
user19841	favorite_music	death metal
user19841	has_hobby	swimming
user19842	has_hobby	volunteering
user19842	favorite_color	navy blue
user19842	employed_by_general	fulltime in a shipyard
user19842	misc_attribute	helpful
user19843	live_in_general	cloud
user19843	have	superpowers
user19843	misc_attribute	lonely
user19843	physical_attribute	small
user19844	have_chidren	2 children
user19844	has_age	56
user19844	want_do	take over the world
user19844	has_profession	housekeeper
user19844	other	used to be pretty
user19845	employed_by_general	school
user19845	own	new home
user19845	job_status	employed
user19845	have_chidren	step children
user19845	physical_attribute	pregnant with triplets
user19846	like_food	chocolate
user19846	want	dog
user19846	like_general	talking
user19846	has_age	4
user19847	has_age	100
user19847	misc_attribute	strong
user19847	like_drink	wine
user19847	physical_attribute	immortal
user19847	other	remember when people had no television
user19848	like_activity	walking
user19848	like_drink	soda
user19848	live_in_general	house
user19848	like_food	hamburgers
user19849	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19849	favorite_food	pizza
user19849	<blank>	<blank>
user19849	have_pet	named charlie
user19850	has_age	100
user19850	like_drink	wine
user19850	other	remember when people had no television
user19850	physical_attribute	immortal
user19850	misc_attribute	strong
user19851	like_music	rock
user19851	misc_attribute	helpful
user19851	have_pet	3 horse
user19852	has_profession	pianist
user19852	like_goto	the city
user19852	has_ability	play instrument
user19853	like_sports	softball
user19853	job_status	employed
user19854	like_drink	soda
user19854	have	1 <blank>
user19854	live_in_general	house
user19854	like_food	hamburgers
user19855	favorite_color	navy blue
user19855	misc_attribute	helpful
user19855	has_hobby	volunteering
user19855	previous_profession	military
user19856	like_drink	liquor
user19856	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19856	dislike	pink
user19856	like_drink	coffee
user19857	have_sibling	1 sister
user19857	favorite_music_artist	travis scott
user19857	like_sports	basketball
user19858	have_pet	fish
user19858	like_activity	hiking
user19858	has_age	18
user19858	marital_status	single
user19858	favorite_color	orange
user19859	want_do	speak language
user19859	has_ability	speak language
user19859	has_profession	musician
user19860	like_activity	mechanics
user19860	have_vehicle	2 mustang
user19860	like_music	country
user19860	favorite_music	country
user19860	have_pet	2 dog
user19861	have_pet	1 cat
user19861	favorite_movie	mean girls
user19861	other	fear of heights
user19861	has_hobby	helping at food bank
user19861	like_activity	party
user19862	has_ability	speak language
user19862	has_profession	musician
user19862	has_ability	speak language
user19862	want_do	speak language
user19863	dislike	blood
user19863	want_job	work from home
user19863	like_activity	video games
user19863	attend_school	university
user19863	have	dyed hair
user19864	have	broken arm
user19864	has_hobby	skateboarding
user19864	favorite	skater rob dryden
user19865	like_food	italian cuisine
user19865	has_hobby	working out
user19865	favorite_color	yellow
user19865	like_sports	gymnastics
user19865	has_profession	athlete
user19866	job_status	retired
user19866	like_activity	gambling
user19866	live_in_general	north
user19866	like_activity	grilling
user19867	like_activity	amusement park
user19867	like_watching	cooking shows
user19867	dislike	swimming
user19867	live_in_general	0 germany
user19868	marital_status	married
user19868	other	vegetarian
user19868	like_general	blue
user19868	gender	female
user19869	have_pet	horse
user19869	want_do	0 move
user19869	live_in_general	horse farm
user19869	want_job	lawyer
user19870	have_pet	dog
user19870	live_in_general	farm
user19870	like_watching	sport
user19870	like_watching	comedy
user19871	physical_attribute	pregnancy
user19871	employed_by_company	bank
user19871	own	home
user19871	other	omnivore
user19872	has_ability	produce
user19872	have_vehicle	2015 honda
user19872	favorite_food	pizza
user19872	have_pet	named charlie
user19872	<blank>	<blank>
user19873	favorite_music_artist	up
user19873	has_hobby	board games
user19873	like_goto	beach
user19874	dislike	scorpions
user19874	employed_by_general	postal service
user19874	have_pet	dog
user19875	like_drink	liquor
user19875	like_drink	coffee
user19875	has_hobby	mountain biking
user19875	dislike	pink
user19876	has_profession	musician
user19876	has_ability	play instrument
user19876	has_profession	janitor
user19876	like_music	folk
user19877	like_activity	long walks with my dog
user19877	has_profession	tennis player
user19877	marital_status	doctor
user19877	live_in_general	house
user19878	other	vegan
user19878	like_activity	amusement park
user19878	like_watching	cooking shows
user19878	dislike	swimming
user19879	own	house
user19879	like_activity	dancing
user19879	has_profession	dog trainer
user19879	have	sweet tooth
user19879	like_activity	photography
user19880	like_activity	meet new people
user19880	have_pet	turtle
user19880	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user19880	like_general	seasons
user19881	gender	male
user19881	own	wheelchair
user19881	previous_profession	military
user19881	physical_attribute	1 leg
user19882	have_vehicle	ford
user19882	misc_attribute	conservative
user19882	like_goto	church
user19882	own	3 guns
user19883	have	best friend
user19883	other	am jewish
user19883	place_origin	north dakota
user19883	has_profession	advertising
user19883	like_activity	traveling
user19884	have_pet	2 dog
user19884	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user19884	like_activity	cycling
user19884	like_general	caring for others
user19885	like_general	faciiak hair
user19885	job_status	employed
user19885	misc_attribute	personable
user19885	like_activity	horseback riding
user19886	misc_attribute	private
user19886	like_drink	water
user19886	employed_by_general	hospital
user19886	other	do not want children
user19887	like_movie	movies and tv
user19887	marital_status	married
user19887	dislike	working out
user19887	like_food	ice cream
user19887	other	homebody
user19888	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user19888	like_animal	2 dog
user19888	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user19888	has_profession	attorney
user19888	dislike	religion
user19889	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user19889	has_profession	attorney
user19889	dislike	religion
user19889	like_animal	2 dog
user19889	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user19890	favorite_music	jazz
user19890	has_profession	pediatrician
user19890	marital_status	married
user19890	like_sports	running
user19890	like_general	vintage cars
user19891	have_chidren	2 son
user19891	attend_school	cosmetology school
user19891	own	vintage decorations
user19891	like_food	granola
user19891	have_pet	fish
user19892	have_family	father
user19892	favorite_food	sushi
user19892	<blank>	<blank>
user19892	<blank>	<blank>
user19893	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user19893	want_do	go to college
user19894	want	successfull
user19894	attend_school	university
user19894	school_status	student
user19894	have_sibling	0 sibling
user19894	school_status	student
user19895	like_drink	scotch
user19895	dislike	dog
user19895	want_do	short stories
user19895	like_movie	superhero
user19896	have_sibling	1 brother
user19896	has_hobby	weightlifting
user19896	like_food	meat
user19897	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19897	like_activity	hiking
user19897	have_chidren	2 son
user19897	has_profession	accountant
user19898	like_activity	hunting
user19898	has_profession	handyman
user19898	other	allergic to shellfish
user19898	job_status	employed
user19898	has_hobby	vintage cars
user19899	attend_school	0 <blank>
user19899	like_music	ed sheeran
user19899	like_activity	running
user19899	has_hobby	jujitsu
user19900	place_origin	farm
user19900	like_read	mystery
user19900	has_profession	truck driver
user19900	have_chidren	7 children
user19900	like_general	blue
user19901	employed_by_general	factory
user19901	dislike	water
user19901	favorite_color	purple
user19901	like_activity	gardening
user19902	like_activity	arts and crafts
user19902	other	allergies
user19902	teach	their child
user19902	live_in_general	very small town
user19903	employed_by_general	shelter
user19903	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user19903	job_status	employed
user19903	misc_attribute	angry
user19904	has_profession	nurse
user19904	other	devout catholic
user19904	favorite_color	purple
user19904	like_watching	tv
user19905	like_activity	meet new people
user19905	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user19905	like_general	seasons
user19905	have_pet	turtle
user19906	has_profession	accountant
user19906	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19906	have_chidren	2 son
user19906	own	honda civic
user19906	like_activity	hiking
user19907	has_ability	carpenter
user19907	has_hobby	used to drink
user19907	marital_status	married
user19907	has_hobby	poker
user19907	misc_attribute	lonely
user19908	live_in_general	under the sea
user19908	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user19908	attend_school	<blank>
user19908	like_activity	exploring
user19909	other	"cant sing well"
user19909	place_origin	california
user19909	like_activity	surf
user19909	want	moving to new york next year
user19909	has_profession	actor
user19910	like_activity	coding
user19910	favorite_drink	iced tea
user19910	has_age	young adult
user19911	marital_status	married
user19911	has_hobby	poker
user19911	has_hobby	used to drink
user19911	misc_attribute	lonely
user19911	has_ability	carpenter
user19912	misc_attribute	personable
user19912	job_status	employed
user19912	like_activity	horseback riding
user19913	employed_by_company	hollister
user19913	has_profession	skater
user19913	other	was born with a tail
user19913	like_food	chips
user19913	has_ability	play instrument
user19914	attend_school	high school
user19914	want_job	fashion designer
user19914	want	children
user19915	have_pet	3 dog
user19915	favorite	holiday
user19915	like_food	pizza
user19915	has_profession	hairdresser
user19916	have_chidren	3 children
user19916	other	feels too heavy
user19916	like_animal	cat
user19916	has_ability	cooking
user19916	job_status	employed
user19917	have_family	3 family
user19917	physical_attribute	short
user19917	like_music	<blank>
user19917	school_status	student
user19918	have_pet	cat
user19918	has_hobby	patchworking
user19918	previous_profession	banker
user19918	has_hobby	walking
user19919	like_goto	church
user19919	misc_attribute	conservative
user19919	have_vehicle	ford
user19920	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user19920	has_profession	musician
user19920	has_hobby	running
user19920	employed_by_company	pet smart
user19921	like_activity	traveling
user19921	want_job	lawyer
user19921	school_status	student
user19921	have_pet	dog
user19922	dislike	father
user19922	dislike	cat
user19922	job_status	employed
user19922	like_food	onion
user19922	has_profession	nurse
user19923	like_general	the environment
user19923	has_age	34
user19923	attend_school	university of mississippi
user19923	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user19924	has_profession	hairdresser
user19924	like_food	pizza
user19924	favorite	holiday
user19924	have_pet	3 dog
user19925	favorite_color	green
user19925	has_profession	nurse
user19925	like_goto	zoo
user19925	have	large collection of bears
user19926	has_hobby	model building
user19926	has_hobby	video games
user19926	misc_attribute	shy
user19926	have	computer science degree
user19927	own	large stereo
user19927	like_activity	camping
user19927	like_food	meat
user19928	like_music	jazz
user19928	other	jewish
user19928	other	do not eat sweets
user19928	favorite_show	the office
user19928	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user19929	like_general	early morning
user19929	other	allergies
user19929	like_activity	arts and crafts
user19929	live_in_general	very small town
user19930	place_origin	south carolina
user19930	has_profession	0 singer
user19930	attend_school	usc
user19930	like_movie	horror
user19931	school_status	student
user19931	like_music	<blank>
user19931	physical_attribute	short
user19932	school_status	never graduated
user19932	member_of	band
user19932	have_sibling	3 sister
user19932	like_activity	partying
user19933	like_goto	beach
user19933	other	diet
user19933	favorite_animal	horse
user19933	own	new nails
user19934	has_ability	carpenter
user19934	misc_attribute	lonely
user19934	has_hobby	used to drink
user19934	has_hobby	poker
user19935	has_profession	handyman
user19935	other	allergic to shellfish
user19935	job_status	employed
user19935	has_hobby	vintage cars
user19936	have_pet	1 dog
user19936	like_food	muffins
user19936	physical_attribute	short
user19936	employed_by_general	healthcare
user19936	like_activity	watching movies
user19937	has_profession	handyman
user19937	job_status	employed
user19937	has_hobby	vintage cars
user19937	other	allergic to shellfish
user19937	like_activity	hunting
user19938	like_activity	cooking
user19938	like_music	country
user19938	job_status	disability
user19938	like_activity	knitting
user19939	like_general	early morning
user19939	teach	their child
user19939	other	allergies
user19939	live_in_general	very small town
user19939	like_activity	arts and crafts
user19940	has_hobby	singing
user19940	have	allergy to dogs
user19940	physical_attribute	colorblind
user19941	has_hobby	weightlifting
user19941	like_food	meat
user19941	have_sibling	1 brother
user19942	own	large stereo
user19942	like_activity	camping
user19942	like_food	meat
user19943	have_pet	dog
user19943	live_in_general	abroad
user19943	like_movie	titantic
user19943	favorite_hobby	model building
user19943	have_chidren	child
user19944	other	close with my sister
user19944	marital_status	single
user19944	has_degree	nursing
user19944	like_activity	shopping
user19945	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user19945	has_hobby	working out
user19945	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user19945	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user19946	attend_school	homeschool
user19946	physical_attribute	blue hair
user19946	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user19946	like_activity	coplay
user19947	has_hobby	walking
user19947	has_hobby	traveling
user19947	has_profession	teacher
user19947	own	1 large garden
user19948	misc_attribute	private
user19948	employed_by_general	hospital
user19948	other	do not want children
user19948	like_goto	gym
user19948	like_drink	water
user19949	like_activity	reading
user19949	has_profession	teacher
user19949	like_activity	cooking
user19949	marital_status	married
user19949	misc_attribute	conservative
user19950	want_job	fashion designer
user19950	misc_attribute	criminal
user19950	want	children
user19950	attend_school	high school
user19951	have	surgery
user19951	favorite_food	sardines
user19951	have_pet	2 dog
user19951	school_status	never graduated
user19952	like_activity	dancing
user19952	have	sweet tooth
user19952	like_activity	photography
user19952	has_profession	dog trainer
user19953	<blank>	<blank>
user19953	like_food	food with no animal product
user19953	have_family	father
user19953	<blank>	<blank>
user19954	like_activity	video games
user19954	like_read	drama
user19954	has_profession	musician
user19954	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user19955	attend_school	auburn
user19955	like_activity	shopping
user19955	want_job	doctor
user19955	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user19956	has_profession	accountant
user19956	like_activity	hiking
user19956	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user19956	own	honda civic
user19956	have_chidren	2 son
user19957	has_ability	play instrument
user19957	has_profession	skater
user19957	like_food	chips
user19957	employed_by_company	hollister
user19958	school_status	student
user19958	attend_school	university
user19958	other	studious
user19958	place_origin	united states
user19959	other	allergic to shellfish
user19959	job_status	employed
user19959	like_activity	hunting
user19959	has_hobby	vintage cars
user19960	have_sibling	1 brother
user19960	has_hobby	weightlifting
user19960	like_food	meat
user19961	has_profession	teacher
user19961	like_activity	reading
user19961	like_activity	cooking
user19961	marital_status	married
user19961	misc_attribute	conservative
user19962	has_profession	nurse
user19962	other	devout catholic
user19962	favorite_color	purple
user19962	like_watching	tv
user19963	has_hobby	traveling
user19963	has_hobby	walking
user19963	has_hobby	traveling
user19963	own	1 large garden
user19963	has_profession	teacher
user19964	have_pet	fish
user19964	attend_school	cosmetology school
user19964	like_food	granola
user19964	own	vintage decorations
user19965	has_profession	teacher
user19965	have_vehicle	convertible
user19965	has_hobby	swimming
user19965	like_general	chrildern
user19966	like_general	blue
user19966	like_read	mystery
user19966	have_chidren	7 children
user19966	place_origin	farm
user19967	have	surgery
user19967	school_status	never graduated
user19967	favorite_food	sardines
user19967	have_pet	2 dog
user19967	like_activity	playing frisbee
user19968	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user19968	school_status	student
user19968	want_job	doctor
user19968	attend_school	auburn
user19968	like_activity	shopping
user19969	have	friends
user19969	attend_school	university
user19969	like_music	rap
user19969	like_sports	sports
user19969	has_age	22
user19970	other	was on the soccer team in college
user19970	like_food	candy
user19970	other	name
user19970	has_profession	secretary
user19971	live_in_general	same place
user19971	has_hobby	taekwondo
user19971	has_age	12
user19972	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user19972	has_age	34
user19972	like_general	the environment
user19972	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user19972	attend_school	university of mississippi
user19973	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user19973	like_music	jazz
user19973	favorite_show	the office
user19973	other	do not eat sweets
user19974	like_general	fantasy
user19974	job_status	2 employed
user19974	want_do	writing
user19974	member_of	<blank>
user19975	like_general	chrildern
user19975	has_profession	teacher
user19975	has_hobby	swimming
user19975	have_vehicle	convertible
user19975	like_activity	working out
user19976	has_hobby	running
user19976	employed_by_company	pet smart
user19976	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user19977	school_status	student
user19977	attend_school	auburn
user19977	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user19977	like_activity	shopping
user19978	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user19978	like_general	seasons
user19978	like_activity	meet new people
user19978	have_pet	turtle
user19979	like_activity	dance
user19979	physical_attribute	mixed race
user19979	have_pet	dog
user19979	live_in_general	edris island
user19980	place_origin	south carolina
user19980	attend_school	usc
user19980	like_movie	horror
user19980	has_profession	0 singer
user19981	like_music	rush
user19981	has_profession	sales
user19981	have	friend
user19981	other	omnivore
user19981	has_hobby	graphic design
user19982	attend_school	middle school
user19982	like_animal	dog
user19982	like_music	pink floyd
user19982	want_job	actor
user19983	job_status	employed
user19983	employed_by_general	shelter
user19983	like_animal	<blank>
user19983	misc_attribute	angry
user19984	misc_attribute	private
user19984	employed_by_general	hospital
user19984	like_goto	gym
user19984	like_drink	water
user19985	has_hobby	reading
user19985	marital_status	married
user19985	want	big family
user19986	has_ability	build things with my hands
user19986	dislike	being still
user19986	gender	male
user19986	has_age	40
user19986	marital_status	divorced
user19987	has_profession	truck driver
user19987	have_chidren	7 children
user19987	place_origin	farm
user19987	like_read	mystery
user19987	like_general	blue
user19988	has_hobby	projects
user19988	has_profession	0 janitor
user19988	physical_attribute	short
user19988	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user19988	has_profession	artist
user19989	has_hobby	singing
user19989	have	allergy to dogs
user19989	other	went into the army after high school
user19989	physical_attribute	colorblind
user19990	like_activity	hunting
user19990	has_hobby	ice fishing
user19990	like_general	ice
user19990	has_profession	explorer
user19991	live_in_general	apartment
user19991	has_age	32
user19991	want_job	chef
user19991	dislike	dog
user19991	like_read	romance
user19992	job_status	employed
user19992	has_profession	handyman
user19992	other	allergic to shellfish
user19992	has_hobby	vintage cars
user19993	have_pet	turtle
user19993	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user19993	like_activity	meet new people
user19994	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user19994	has_profession	attorney
user19994	dislike	religion
user19994	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user19994	like_animal	2 dog
user19995	like_read	biographies
user19995	have_pet	1 cat
user19995	has_hobby	board games
user19996	other	allergies
user19996	like_general	early morning
user19996	like_activity	arts and crafts
user19996	teach	their child
user19997	favorite_activity	poker
user19997	attend_school	0 <blank>
user19997	like_activity	running
user19997	like_music	ed sheeran
user19998	attend_school	<blank>
user19998	have	friends
user19998	live_in_general	under the sea
user19998	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user19999	like_food	meat
user19999	own	large stereo
user19999	like_activity	camping
user20000	<blank>	<blank>
user20000	favorite_food	sushi
user20000	have_family	father
user20000	like_food	food with no animal product
user20001	have_pet	2 horse
user20001	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20001	live_in_general	large city
user20001	like_music	taylor swift
user20001	like_activity	painting
user20002	has_age	young adult
user20002	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20002	like_music	country
user20003	have_pet	1 cat
user20003	school_status	0 graduated
user20003	like_read	biographies
user20004	marital_status	married
user20004	misc_attribute	lonely
user20004	has_hobby	used to drink
user20004	has_hobby	poker
user20004	has_ability	carpenter
user20005	marital_status	engaged
user20005	school_status	graduated
user20005	favorite_sport	soccer
user20005	other	used to play sport
user20006	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20006	have	weights
user20006	physical_attribute	tall
user20006	like_watching	horror
user20006	like_activity	cooking
user20007	like_music	metallica
user20007	place_origin	wisconsin
user20007	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20007	favorite_season	winter
user20008	like_activity	coding
user20008	like_music	country
user20008	has_age	young adult
user20008	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20009	like_goto	restaurant
user20009	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20009	want	retirement
user20009	like_sports	racquetball
user20010	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user20010	has_profession	artist
user20010	has_profession	0 janitor
user20010	physical_attribute	short
user20010	has_hobby	projects
user20011	own	house
user20011	has_profession	dog trainer
user20011	have	sweet tooth
user20011	like_activity	dancing
user20012	dislike	dog
user20012	like_movie	superhero
user20012	like_drink	scotch
user20012	previous_profession	carnival
user20013	have	best friend
user20013	has_profession	advertising
user20013	like_activity	traveling
user20013	place_origin	north dakota
user20013	other	am jewish
user20014	like_food	italian cuisine
user20014	has_hobby	softball
user20014	like_activity	singing
user20014	has_profession	mentor
user20015	school_status	student
user20015	attend_school	university
user20015	other	studious
user20015	want_job	scientist
user20016	school_status	0 graduated
user20016	has_hobby	board games
user20016	have_pet	1 cat
user20017	other	allergies
user20017	teach	their child
user20017	like_general	early morning
user20017	live_in_general	very small town
user20018	like_activity	working out
user20018	has_hobby	swimming
user20018	like_general	chrildern
user20018	has_profession	teacher
user20019	like_activity	singing
user20019	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20019	want	children
user20019	marital_status	single
user20020	has_profession	teacher
user20020	misc_attribute	conservative
user20020	like_activity	reading
user20020	like_activity	cooking
user20020	marital_status	married
user20021	physical_attribute	short
user20021	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user20021	has_profession	0 janitor
user20021	has_hobby	projects
user20021	has_profession	artist
user20022	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20022	like_activity	singing
user20022	marital_status	single
user20022	want	children
user20023	has_hobby	reading
user20023	has_hobby	cooking
user20023	want	big family
user20023	marital_status	married
user20024	has_hobby	swimming
user20024	have_vehicle	convertible
user20024	like_activity	working out
user20024	like_general	chrildern
user20025	previous_profession	banker
user20025	has_hobby	sewing
user20025	has_hobby	patchworking
user20025	has_hobby	walking
user20025	have_pet	cat
user20026	like_activity	horseback riding
user20026	misc_attribute	personable
user20026	job_status	employed
user20027	like_activity	meet new people
user20027	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user20027	have_pet	turtle
user20028	place_origin	south carolina
user20028	like_movie	horror
user20028	attend_school	usc
user20028	has_profession	0 singer
user20029	<blank>	<blank>
user20029	favorite_food	sushi
user20029	like_food	food with no animal product
user20029	<blank>	<blank>
user20030	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20030	attend_school	homeschool
user20030	like_activity	coplay
user20031	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20031	physical_attribute	tall
user20031	have	weights
user20031	like_activity	cooking
user20031	like_watching	horror
user20032	have_pet	3 dog
user20032	like_food	pizza
user20032	has_profession	hairdresser
user20032	like_watching	sport
user20033	other	diet
user20033	favorite_animal	horse
user20033	like_goto	beach
user20033	own	new nails
user20034	like_activity	reading
user20034	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20035	has_hobby	video games
user20035	misc_attribute	shy
user20035	have	computer science degree
user20035	has_hobby	model building
user20036	previous_profession	carnival
user20036	dislike	dog
user20036	like_drink	scotch
user20036	want_do	short stories
user20036	like_movie	superhero
user20037	employed_by_company	hollister
user20037	other	was born with a tail
user20037	like_food	chips
user20037	has_ability	play instrument
user20037	has_profession	skater
user20038	dislike	being still
user20038	has_age	40
user20038	gender	male
user20038	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20039	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20039	own	wheelchair
user20039	gender	male
user20039	previous_profession	military
user20040	has_age	20
user20040	place_origin	puerto rico
user20040	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20040	employed_by_general	army
user20040	misc_attribute	violent
user20041	employed_by_general	shelter
user20041	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20041	misc_attribute	angry
user20041	job_status	employed
user20042	has_profession	handyman
user20042	like_activity	hunting
user20042	job_status	employed
user20042	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20043	live_in_general	apartment
user20043	like_read	romance
user20043	has_age	32
user20043	want_job	chef
user20043	dislike	dog
user20044	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20044	other	jewish
user20044	other	do not eat sweets
user20044	favorite_show	the office
user20045	like_activity	sewing
user20045	have_pet	1 cat
user20045	like_activity	singing
user20045	dislike	environment
user20046	school_status	never graduated
user20046	like_activity	partying
user20046	have_sibling	3 sister
user20046	member_of	band
user20047	other	diet
user20047	favorite_animal	horse
user20047	like_goto	beach
user20047	own	new nails
user20048	live_in_general	under the sea
user20048	have	friends
user20048	attend_school	<blank>
user20048	like_activity	exploring
user20048	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20049	favorite_sport	soccer
user20049	like_sports	<blank>
user20049	school_status	graduated
user20049	other	used to play sport
user20050	has_profession	writer
user20050	dislike	snake
user20050	attend_school	mit
user20050	not_have	child
user20051	attend_school	usc
user20051	like_movie	horror
user20051	has_profession	0 singer
user20052	attend_school	auburn
user20052	school_status	student
user20052	like_activity	shopping
user20052	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20053	favorite_activity	poker
user20053	like_music	ed sheeran
user20053	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20053	like_activity	running
user20054	misc_attribute	open
user20054	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20054	want_do	draw
user20054	like_read	poetry
user20054	like_activity	hiking
user20055	have_family	sibling
user20055	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20055	has_profession	stock broker
user20056	dislike	snake
user20056	has_profession	writer
user20056	attend_school	mit
user20057	has_age	22
user20057	like_sports	sports
user20057	attend_school	university
user20057	have	friends
user20057	like_music	rap
user20058	job_status	disability
user20058	like_music	country
user20058	like_activity	cooking
user20058	like_activity	knitting
user20059	want	big family
user20059	marital_status	married
user20059	has_hobby	reading
user20059	has_hobby	cooking
user20060	like_food	muffins
user20060	have_pet	1 dog
user20060	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20060	like_activity	watching movies
user20061	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20061	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20061	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20061	like_general	the environment
user20061	has_age	34
user20062	like_activity	coding
user20062	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20062	has_age	young adult
user20063	like_activity	camping
user20063	own	large stereo
user20063	like_food	meat
user20064	has_hobby	board games
user20064	school_status	0 graduated
user20064	have_pet	1 cat
user20065	has_profession	artist
user20065	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user20065	has_profession	0 janitor
user20065	has_hobby	projects
user20066	like_activity	reading
user20066	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20066	have_sibling	7 sibling
user20067	like_music	taylor swift
user20067	live_in_general	large city
user20067	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20067	have_pet	2 horse
user20068	favorite_color	purple
user20068	dislike	water
user20068	employed_by_general	factory
user20069	like_food	onion
user20069	job_status	employed
user20069	dislike	father
user20069	dislike	cat
user20070	school_status	dropped out
user20070	employed_by_general	fast food
user20070	live_in_general	low income housing
user20070	has_hobby	running
user20070	dislike	all
user20071	has_hobby	swimming
user20071	has_profession	teacher
user20071	have_vehicle	convertible
user20071	like_general	chrildern
user20072	have	friend
user20072	other	omnivore
user20072	has_profession	sales
user20072	like_music	rush
user20073	like_activity	working out
user20073	has_profession	teacher
user20073	has_hobby	swimming
user20073	have_vehicle	convertible
user20074	has_age	young adult
user20074	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20074	like_music	country
user20074	like_activity	coding
user20075	job_status	employed
user20075	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20075	misc_attribute	angry
user20075	employed_by_general	shelter
user20075	like_animal	<blank>
user20076	employed_by_general	factory
user20076	like_activity	gardening
user20076	favorite_color	purple
user20077	previous_profession	carnival
user20077	like_movie	superhero
user20077	like_drink	scotch
user20077	dislike	dog
user20078	has_profession	teacher
user20078	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20078	school_status	graduated
user20078	other	poor
user20079	has_profession	sales
user20079	have	friend
user20079	like_music	rush
user20079	has_hobby	graphic design
user20079	other	omnivore
user20080	like_sports	sports
user20080	like_music	rap
user20080	have	friends
user20080	attend_school	university
user20080	has_age	22
user20081	misc_attribute	violent
user20081	place_origin	puerto rico
user20081	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20081	has_age	20
user20081	employed_by_general	army
user20082	has_profession	engineer
user20082	has_ability	speak language
user20082	favorite_music	bach
user20082	like_food	bacon
user20083	have	allergy to dogs
user20083	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20083	has_hobby	singing
user20083	other	went into the army after high school
user20084	school_status	graduated
user20084	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20084	have_pet	1 cat
user20084	has_profession	teacher
user20084	other	poor
user20085	other	was born with a tail
user20085	has_ability	play instrument
user20085	like_food	chips
user20085	has_profession	skater
user20086	have_family	sibling
user20086	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20086	has_profession	stock broker
user20087	marital_status	married
user20087	like_activity	cooking
user20087	like_activity	reading
user20087	has_profession	teacher
user20088	has_profession	mentor
user20088	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20088	has_hobby	softball
user20088	like_food	italian cuisine
user20089	like_sports	<blank>
user20089	marital_status	engaged
user20089	favorite_sport	soccer
user20089	other	used to play sport
user20089	school_status	graduated
user20090	want	retirement
user20090	like_sports	racquetball
user20090	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20090	like_music	oldies
user20090	like_goto	restaurant
user20091	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20091	marital_status	divorced
user20091	gender	male
user20091	dislike	being still
user20092	employed_by_company	hollister
user20092	like_food	chips
user20092	has_ability	play instrument
user20092	has_profession	skater
user20093	job_status	employed
user20093	misc_attribute	personable
user20093	like_activity	horseback riding
user20094	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user20094	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user20094	has_hobby	working out
user20094	other	color blind
user20095	have_pet	turtle
user20095	like_general	seasons
user20095	like_activity	meet new people
user20096	own	house
user20096	like_activity	photography
user20096	like_activity	dancing
user20096	have	sweet tooth
user20097	like_read	mystery
user20097	have_chidren	7 children
user20097	place_origin	farm
user20097	like_general	blue
user20098	favorite_music	bach
user20098	dislike	insects
user20098	like_food	bacon
user20098	has_ability	speak language
user20099	place_origin	north dakota
user20099	other	am jewish
user20099	like_activity	traveling
user20099	has_profession	advertising
user20100	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20100	like_food	meat
user20100	has_profession	doctor
user20100	have_sibling	1 brother
user20101	like_general	internet
user20101	like_activity	play
user20101	has_age	28
user20101	physical_attribute	furry
user20102	like_read	biographies
user20102	has_hobby	board games
user20102	have_pet	1 cat
user20103	like_activity	shopping
user20103	other	close with my sister
user20103	has_degree	nursing
user20104	physical_attribute	furry
user20104	has_age	28
user20104	like_activity	play
user20104	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user20104	like_general	internet
user20105	has_profession	engineer
user20105	has_ability	speak language
user20105	like_food	bacon
user20105	favorite_music	bach
user20105	dislike	insects
user20106	marital_status	married
user20106	has_hobby	cooking
user20106	want	big family
user20107	live_in_general	abroad
user20107	favorite_hobby	model building
user20107	have_chidren	child
user20107	like_movie	titantic
user20107	have_pet	dog
user20108	own	dieting business
user20108	has_hobby	reading
user20108	has_profession	writer
user20108	like_sports	exercise
user20108	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20109	like_sports	<blank>
user20109	other	used to play sport
user20109	marital_status	engaged
user20109	favorite_sport	soccer
user20109	school_status	graduated
user20110	marital_status	divorced
user20110	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20110	place_origin	late was
user20111	has_profession	stock broker
user20111	have_family	sibling
user20112	dislike	water
user20112	favorite_color	purple
user20112	like_activity	gardening
user20112	employed_by_general	factory
user20113	has_profession	pediatrician
user20113	marital_status	married
user20113	like_sports	running
user20113	favorite_music	jazz
user20114	like_general	internet
user20114	physical_attribute	furry
user20114	like_activity	play
user20114	has_age	28
user20115	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20115	misc_attribute	violent
user20115	has_age	20
user20115	place_origin	puerto rico
user20116	place_origin	california
user20116	like_activity	surf
user20116	want	moving to new york next year
user20116	other	"cant sing well"
user20116	has_profession	actor
user20117	have	tattoos
user20117	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20117	like_music	guitar
user20117	has_profession	barista
user20118	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20118	has_age	40
user20118	marital_status	divorced
user20118	gender	male
user20118	dislike	being still
user20119	like_general	faciiak hair
user20119	misc_attribute	personable
user20119	job_status	employed
user20119	like_activity	horseback riding
user20120	physical_attribute	tall
user20120	have	weights
user20120	like_activity	cooking
user20120	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20121	live_in_general	same place
user20121	like_general	roller coasters
user20121	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20122	favorite_music	jazz
user20122	like_general	vintage cars
user20122	marital_status	married
user20122	like_sports	running
user20123	other	close with my sister
user20123	like_activity	shopping
user20123	has_degree	nursing
user20123	marital_status	single
user20124	attend_school	university
user20124	school_status	student
user20124	school_status	student
user20124	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20125	misc_attribute	criminal
user20125	want_job	fashion designer
user20125	want	children
user20125	attend_school	high school
user20126	employed_by_general	fast food
user20126	school_status	dropped out
user20126	live_in_general	low income housing
user20126	dislike	all
user20126	has_hobby	running
user20127	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20127	want_do	draw
user20127	like_read	poetry
user20127	misc_attribute	open
user20127	like_activity	hiking
user20128	have_vehicle	ford
user20128	like_goto	church
user20128	misc_attribute	conservative
user20129	own	1 large garden
user20129	has_hobby	traveling
user20129	has_hobby	walking
user20129	has_profession	teacher
user20129	has_hobby	traveling
user20130	like_activity	knitting
user20130	job_status	disability
user20130	like_activity	cooking
user20130	other	vegan
user20131	has_ability	carpenter
user20131	marital_status	married
user20131	misc_attribute	lonely
user20131	has_hobby	poker
user20131	has_hobby	used to drink
user20132	marital_status	divorced
user20132	has_age	40
user20132	dislike	being still
user20132	gender	male
user20133	favorite_color	purple
user20133	employed_by_general	factory
user20133	dislike	water
user20133	like_activity	gardening
user20134	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20134	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20134	like_activity	coplay
user20134	attend_school	homeschool
user20135	has_hobby	walking
user20135	has_hobby	traveling
user20135	own	1 large garden
user20135	has_profession	teacher
user20135	has_hobby	traveling
user20136	like_activity	video games
user20136	like_read	drama
user20136	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20136	has_profession	musician
user20137	marital_status	single
user20137	has_degree	nursing
user20137	other	close with my sister
user20137	like_activity	shopping
user20138	misc_attribute	open
user20138	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20138	like_read	poetry
user20138	like_activity	hiking
user20139	like_activity	coplay
user20139	attend_school	homeschool
user20139	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20139	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20140	has_degree	nursing
user20140	like_activity	shopping
user20140	marital_status	single
user20141	has_age	young adult
user20141	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20141	like_activity	coding
user20142	has_profession	stock broker
user20142	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20142	have_family	sibling
user20143	school_status	graduated
user20143	has_profession	teacher
user20143	other	poor
user20143	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20143	have_pet	1 cat
user20144	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20144	school_status	never graduated
user20144	have_pet	2 dog
user20144	favorite_food	sardines
user20145	school_status	student
user20145	physical_attribute	short
user20145	have_family	3 family
user20145	like_music	<blank>
user20146	like_animal	cat
user20146	other	feels too heavy
user20146	has_ability	cooking
user20146	have_chidren	3 children
user20147	school_status	graduated
user20147	favorite_sport	soccer
user20147	marital_status	engaged
user20147	other	used to play sport
user20148	teach	their child
user20148	live_in_general	very small town
user20148	like_activity	arts and crafts
user20148	other	allergies
user20149	place_origin	puerto rico
user20149	employed_by_general	army
user20149	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20149	has_age	20
user20149	misc_attribute	violent
user20150	like_music	rap
user20150	like_sports	sports
user20150	have	friends
user20150	attend_school	university
user20150	has_age	22
user20151	other	jewish
user20151	favorite_show	the office
user20151	other	do not eat sweets
user20151	like_music	jazz
user20152	has_profession	teacher
user20152	like_activity	cooking
user20152	misc_attribute	conservative
user20152	marital_status	married
user20152	like_activity	reading
user20153	like_animal	dog
user20153	attend_school	middle school
user20153	other	transgender
user20153	want_job	actor
user20154	like_music	country
user20154	like_activity	cooking
user20154	like_activity	knitting
user20154	other	vegan
user20155	job_status	employed
user20155	like_activity	horseback riding
user20155	like_general	faciiak hair
user20156	marital_status	married
user20156	misc_attribute	lonely
user20156	has_hobby	poker
user20156	has_hobby	used to drink
user20156	has_ability	carpenter
user20157	has_profession	skater
user20157	has_ability	play instrument
user20157	other	was born with a tail
user20157	like_food	chips
user20157	employed_by_company	hollister
user20158	have	friend
user20158	has_profession	sales
user20158	has_hobby	graphic design
user20158	other	omnivore
user20158	like_music	rush
user20159	own	vintage decorations
user20159	have_chidren	2 son
user20159	like_food	granola
user20159	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20159	have_pet	fish
user20160	marital_status	married
user20160	has_profession	teacher
user20160	like_activity	reading
user20160	like_activity	cooking
user20161	own	honda civic
user20161	has_profession	accountant
user20161	have_chidren	2 son
user20161	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20162	have_pet	1 cat
user20162	dislike	environment
user20162	like_activity	sewing
user20163	like_activity	photography
user20163	has_profession	dog trainer
user20163	like_activity	dancing
user20163	own	house
user20164	attend_school	mit
user20164	dislike	snake
user20164	not_have	child
user20164	has_profession	writer
user20165	dislike	being still
user20165	gender	male
user20165	has_age	40
user20165	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20165	marital_status	divorced
user20166	misc_attribute	angry
user20166	employed_by_general	shelter
user20166	job_status	employed
user20166	like_animal	<blank>
user20166	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20167	has_profession	truck driver
user20167	like_general	blue
user20167	have_chidren	7 children
user20167	like_read	mystery
user20168	has_profession	teacher
user20168	other	poor
user20168	school_status	graduated
user20168	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20168	have_pet	1 cat
user20169	marital_status	single
user20169	other	close with my sister
user20169	like_activity	shopping
user20170	has_ability	speak language
user20170	has_profession	engineer
user20170	favorite_music	bach
user20170	dislike	insects
user20171	favorite_food	sardines
user20171	have_pet	2 dog
user20171	have	surgery
user20171	school_status	never graduated
user20171	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20172	favorite_season	winter
user20172	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20172	have_sibling	2 brother
user20172	place_origin	wisconsin
user20173	like_food	candy
user20173	school_status	graduated
user20173	has_profession	secretary
user20173	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20173	other	name
user20174	like_goto	zoo
user20174	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user20174	have	large collection of bears
user20174	has_profession	nurse
user20174	favorite_color	green
user20175	have_chidren	2 son
user20175	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20175	like_food	granola
user20175	have_pet	fish
user20175	own	vintage decorations
user20176	has_age	baby boomer
user20176	has_hobby	sewing
user20176	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20177	favorite_color	purple
user20177	like_activity	gardening
user20177	dislike	water
user20178	other	name
user20178	has_profession	secretary
user20178	like_food	candy
user20178	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20178	school_status	graduated
user20179	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20179	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20179	has_age	34
user20179	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20180	have_vehicle	convertible
user20180	has_hobby	swimming
user20180	like_general	chrildern
user20180	like_activity	working out
user20180	has_profession	teacher
user20181	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20181	has_profession	mentor
user20181	like_food	italian cuisine
user20181	has_hobby	softball
user20182	like_general	chrildern
user20182	have_vehicle	convertible
user20182	has_hobby	swimming
user20182	like_activity	working out
user20182	has_profession	teacher
user20183	place_origin	california
user20183	like_activity	surf
user20183	other	"cant sing well"
user20183	want	moving to new york next year
user20184	other	used to play sport
user20184	marital_status	engaged
user20184	school_status	graduated
user20184	like_sports	<blank>
user20185	like_goto	beach
user20185	own	new nails
user20185	other	diet
user20185	favorite_animal	horse
user20186	other	"cant sing well"
user20186	want	moving to new york next year
user20186	place_origin	california
user20186	like_activity	surf
user20187	has_hobby	sewing
user20187	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20187	has_age	baby boomer
user20188	own	vintage decorations
user20188	have_chidren	2 son
user20188	like_food	granola
user20188	have_pet	fish
user20189	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20189	has_profession	musician
user20189	has_hobby	running
user20190	own	dieting business
user20190	has_profession	writer
user20190	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20190	like_sports	exercise
user20190	has_hobby	reading
user20191	has_profession	barista
user20191	like_music	guitar
user20191	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20192	have_pet	cat
user20192	has_hobby	walking
user20192	has_hobby	patchworking
user20192	previous_profession	banker
user20193	other	omnivore
user20193	has_hobby	graphic design
user20193	has_profession	sales
user20193	like_music	rush
user20193	have	friend
user20194	like_activity	exploring
user20194	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20194	have	friends
user20194	live_in_general	under the sea
user20195	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20195	has_profession	barista
user20195	like_music	guitar
user20196	marital_status	single
user20196	has_degree	nursing
user20196	like_activity	shopping
user20197	has_profession	actor
user20197	place_origin	california
user20197	like_activity	surf
user20197	other	"cant sing well"
user20197	want	moving to new york next year
user20198	have_pet	3 dog
user20198	favorite	holiday
user20198	like_watching	sport
user20198	has_profession	hairdresser
user20198	like_food	pizza
user20199	like_animal	horse
user20199	like_activity	cooking
user20199	like_music	john denver
user20199	like_animal	horse
user20199	has_hobby	working out
user20200	favorite_sport	soccer
user20200	school_status	graduated
user20200	marital_status	engaged
user20200	other	used to play sport
user20200	like_sports	<blank>
user20201	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20201	has_profession	musician
user20201	has_hobby	running
user20201	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20202	has_hobby	walking
user20202	has_hobby	traveling
user20202	has_hobby	traveling
user20202	own	1 large garden
user20203	marital_status	single
user20203	like_activity	shopping
user20203	other	close with my sister
user20203	has_degree	nursing
user20204	want	successfull
user20204	school_status	student
user20204	school_status	student
user20204	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20204	attend_school	university
user20205	has_profession	secretary
user20205	school_status	graduated
user20205	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20205	other	name
user20206	like_activity	cooking
user20206	like_music	country
user20206	job_status	disability
user20206	other	vegan
user20206	like_activity	knitting
user20207	has_profession	teacher
user20207	other	poor
user20207	have_pet	1 cat
user20207	school_status	graduated
user20208	have_chidren	3 children
user20208	job_status	employed
user20208	other	feels too heavy
user20208	like_animal	cat
user20209	like_activity	gardening
user20209	employed_by_general	factory
user20209	favorite_color	purple
user20209	dislike	water
user20210	other	diet
user20210	favorite_animal	horse
user20210	own	new nails
user20210	like_goto	beach
user20211	other	name
user20211	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20211	like_food	candy
user20211	school_status	graduated
user20212	like_activity	horseback riding
user20212	like_general	faciiak hair
user20212	misc_attribute	personable
user20212	job_status	employed
user20213	have	computer science degree
user20213	misc_attribute	shy
user20213	has_hobby	model building
user20214	job_status	employed
user20214	like_activity	hunting
user20214	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20214	has_profession	handyman
user20214	other	allergic to shellfish
user20215	want_job	scientist
user20215	attend_school	university
user20215	school_status	student
user20215	place_origin	united states
user20216	want_job	fashion designer
user20216	misc_attribute	criminal
user20216	want	children
user20216	attend_school	high school
user20217	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20217	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20217	like_general	the environment
user20217	has_age	34
user20217	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20218	favorite_color	purple
user20218	has_profession	nurse
user20218	like_watching	tv
user20218	other	devout catholic
user20219	like_general	british accents
user20219	marital_status	4 married
user20219	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20219	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20219	has_profession	hairdresser
user20220	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20220	other	went into the army after high school
user20220	have	allergy to dogs
user20220	has_hobby	singing
user20221	own	honda civic
user20221	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20221	has_profession	accountant
user20221	have_chidren	2 son
user20222	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20222	job_status	employed
user20222	employed_by_general	shelter
user20222	misc_attribute	angry
user20222	like_animal	<blank>
user20223	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20223	like_music	country
user20223	has_age	young adult
user20223	like_activity	coding
user20224	have_family	sibling
user20224	has_profession	stock broker
user20224	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20225	school_status	0 graduated
user20225	has_hobby	board games
user20225	have_pet	1 cat
user20226	have_sibling	1 brother
user20226	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20226	has_profession	doctor
user20227	has_profession	mentor
user20227	like_food	italian cuisine
user20227	like_activity	singing
user20227	has_hobby	softball
user20227	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20228	like_activity	singing
user20228	marital_status	single
user20228	want	children
user20228	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20229	have_pet	3 dog
user20229	like_watching	sport
user20229	favorite	holiday
user20229	like_food	pizza
user20229	has_profession	hairdresser
user20230	have_chidren	2 son
user20230	like_activity	hiking
user20230	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20230	own	honda civic
user20230	has_profession	accountant
user20231	has_profession	writer
user20231	attend_school	mit
user20231	not_have	child
user20231	dislike	snake
user20232	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20232	want_do	go to college
user20233	like_animal	2 dog
user20233	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user20233	has_profession	attorney
user20233	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user20234	live_in_general	low income housing
user20234	has_hobby	running
user20234	employed_by_general	fast food
user20234	dislike	all
user20235	like_sports	exercise
user20235	has_hobby	reading
user20235	has_profession	writer
user20235	own	dieting business
user20235	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20236	like_activity	singing
user20236	have_pet	1 cat
user20236	like_activity	sewing
user20236	dislike	environment
user20237	has_profession	mentor
user20237	has_hobby	softball
user20237	like_activity	singing
user20237	like_food	italian cuisine
user20237	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20238	like_general	fantasy
user20238	member_of	<blank>
user20238	want_do	writing
user20238	job_status	2 employed
user20238	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20239	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20239	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20239	live_in_general	near mountains
user20239	like_animal	all
user20240	like_general	fantasy
user20240	want_do	writing
user20240	member_of	<blank>
user20240	job_status	2 employed
user20240	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20241	want_do	writing
user20241	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20241	member_of	<blank>
user20241	job_status	2 employed
user20241	like_general	fantasy
user20242	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20243	attend_school	high school
user20243	misc_attribute	criminal
user20243	want_job	fashion designer
user20243	want	children
user20244	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20244	have_family	sibling
user20244	has_profession	stock broker
user20245	attend_school	middle school
user20245	want_job	actor
user20245	other	transgender
user20245	like_music	pink floyd
user20245	like_animal	dog
user20246	other	was born with a tail
user20246	employed_by_company	hollister
user20246	has_profession	skater
user20246	like_food	chips
user20247	has_profession	barista
user20247	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20247	have	tattoos
user20247	like_music	guitar
user20248	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20248	like_goto	restaurant
user20248	want	retirement
user20248	like_sports	racquetball
user20248	like_music	oldies
user20249	has_degree	nursing
user20249	like_activity	shopping
user20249	marital_status	single
user20250	attend_school	middle school
user20250	want_job	actor
user20250	other	transgender
user20250	like_animal	dog
user20250	like_music	pink floyd
user20251	want	big family
user20251	has_hobby	cooking
user20251	has_hobby	reading
user20251	marital_status	married
user20252	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20252	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20252	like_general	the environment
user20252	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20252	has_age	34
user20253	want_job	scientist
user20253	place_origin	united states
user20253	attend_school	university
user20253	school_status	student
user20254	like_food	bacon
user20254	has_profession	engineer
user20254	has_ability	speak language
user20254	favorite_music	bach
user20255	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20255	has_profession	barista
user20255	like_music	guitar
user20255	have	tattoos
user20256	school_status	graduated
user20256	has_profession	teacher
user20256	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20256	other	poor
user20257	have_pet	dog
user20257	favorite_hobby	model building
user20257	like_movie	titantic
user20257	have_chidren	child
user20258	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20258	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20258	like_general	british accents
user20258	has_profession	hairdresser
user20258	marital_status	4 married
user20259	like_food	meat
user20259	own	large stereo
user20259	like_activity	camping
user20260	has_profession	teacher
user20260	own	1 large garden
user20260	has_hobby	traveling
user20260	has_hobby	traveling
user20261	attend_school	auburn
user20261	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20261	want_job	doctor
user20261	school_status	student
user20262	like_read	drama
user20262	like_activity	video games
user20262	has_profession	musician
user20262	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20263	has_profession	engineer
user20263	dislike	insects
user20263	like_food	bacon
user20263	favorite_music	bach
user20263	has_ability	speak language
user20264	like_food	muffins
user20264	like_activity	watching movies
user20264	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20264	have_pet	1 dog
user20265	not_have	child
user20265	attend_school	mit
user20265	dislike	snake
user20265	has_profession	writer
user20266	like_goto	beach
user20266	favorite_animal	horse
user20266	own	new nails
user20267	member_of	<blank>
user20267	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20267	want_do	writing
user20267	job_status	2 employed
user20268	like_activity	cycling
user20268	have_pet	2 dog
user20268	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20268	like_general	caring for others
user20269	school_status	graduated
user20269	like_sports	<blank>
user20269	marital_status	engaged
user20269	favorite_sport	soccer
user20270	has_profession	dog trainer
user20270	have	sweet tooth
user20270	like_activity	photography
user20270	like_activity	dancing
user20271	has_hobby	singing
user20271	have	allergy to dogs
user20271	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20271	other	went into the army after high school
user20272	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20272	job_status	2 employed
user20272	like_general	fantasy
user20272	want_do	writing
user20273	has_age	baby boomer
user20273	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20274	like_goto	zoo
user20274	favorite_color	green
user20274	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user20274	have	large collection of bears
user20275	favorite	holiday
user20275	like_watching	sport
user20275	have_pet	3 dog
user20275	has_profession	hairdresser
user20276	favorite_hobby	model building
user20276	have_chidren	child
user20276	like_movie	titantic
user20276	have_pet	dog
user20276	live_in_general	abroad
user20277	attend_school	homeschool
user20277	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20277	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20277	like_activity	coplay
user20278	like_food	pizza
user20278	has_profession	hairdresser
user20278	favorite	holiday
user20278	have_pet	3 dog
user20279	like_activity	painting
user20279	have_pet	2 horse
user20279	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20279	live_in_general	large city
user20279	like_music	taylor swift
user20280	like_food	pizza
user20280	have_pet	3 dog
user20280	favorite	holiday
user20280	like_watching	sport
user20281	teach	their child
user20281	like_general	early morning
user20281	live_in_general	very small town
user20281	other	allergies
user20281	like_activity	arts and crafts
user20282	live_in_general	under the sea
user20282	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20282	have	friends
user20282	like_activity	exploring
user20282	attend_school	<blank>
user20283	has_profession	secretary
user20283	like_food	candy
user20283	school_status	graduated
user20283	other	name
user20284	other	used to play sport
user20284	school_status	graduated
user20284	like_sports	<blank>
user20284	favorite_sport	soccer
user20285	other	am jewish
user20285	has_profession	advertising
user20285	have	best friend
user20285	place_origin	north dakota
user20285	like_activity	traveling
user20286	other	used to play sport
user20286	marital_status	engaged
user20286	favorite_sport	soccer
user20286	like_sports	<blank>
user20287	has_hobby	swimming
user20287	like_activity	working out
user20287	have_vehicle	convertible
user20287	like_general	chrildern
user20287	has_profession	teacher
user20288	favorite_activity	poker
user20288	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20288	like_music	ed sheeran
user20288	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20288	like_activity	running
user20289	has_ability	play instrument
user20289	has_profession	skater
user20289	like_food	chips
user20289	employed_by_company	hollister
user20289	other	was born with a tail
user20290	has_hobby	video games
user20290	misc_attribute	shy
user20290	have	computer science degree
user20290	has_hobby	model building
user20291	like_activity	singing
user20291	has_profession	mentor
user20291	has_hobby	softball
user20291	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20291	like_food	italian cuisine
user20292	like_general	roller coasters
user20292	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20292	live_in_general	same place
user20293	have_pet	dog
user20293	like_activity	walking
user20293	like_read	travel
user20294	school_status	student
user20294	physical_attribute	short
user20294	like_music	<blank>
user20294	have_family	3 family
user20295	have_family	father
user20295	<blank>	<blank>
user20295	<blank>	<blank>
user20295	favorite_food	sushi
user20295	like_food	food with no animal product
user20296	member_of	band
user20296	like_activity	partying
user20296	school_status	never graduated
user20296	have_sibling	3 sister
user20297	like_activity	exploring
user20297	attend_school	<blank>
user20297	live_in_general	under the sea
user20297	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20297	have	friends
user20298	favorite_music	bach
user20298	has_ability	speak language
user20298	has_profession	engineer
user20298	like_food	bacon
user20298	dislike	insects
user20299	employed_by_general	army
user20299	place_origin	puerto rico
user20299	misc_attribute	violent
user20299	has_age	20
user20300	has_profession	0 singer
user20300	attend_school	usc
user20300	like_movie	horror
user20300	place_origin	south carolina
user20301	have_pet	dog
user20301	like_activity	dance
user20301	physical_attribute	mixed race
user20302	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20302	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20302	marital_status	4 married
user20302	like_general	british accents
user20302	has_profession	hairdresser
user20303	dislike	dog
user20303	want_do	short stories
user20303	previous_profession	carnival
user20303	like_drink	scotch
user20303	like_movie	superhero
user20304	like_watching	tv
user20304	favorite_color	purple
user20304	other	devout catholic
user20304	has_profession	nurse
user20305	like_activity	traveling
user20305	want_job	lawyer
user20305	have_pet	dog
user20305	school_status	student
user20306	have_pet	1 cat
user20306	has_profession	teacher
user20306	other	poor
user20306	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20306	school_status	graduated
user20307	like_music	rush
user20307	have	friend
user20307	has_hobby	graphic design
user20307	has_profession	sales
user20308	have_chidren	child
user20308	have_pet	dog
user20308	live_in_general	abroad
user20308	favorite_hobby	model building
user20308	like_movie	titantic
user20309	have	friends
user20309	live_in_general	under the sea
user20309	like_activity	exploring
user20309	attend_school	<blank>
user20309	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20310	has_profession	explorer
user20310	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20310	like_activity	hunting
user20310	like_general	ice
user20310	want_job	archaeologist
user20311	attend_school	mit
user20311	dislike	snake
user20311	has_profession	writer
user20311	not_have	child
user20312	like_activity	horseback riding
user20312	like_general	faciiak hair
user20312	job_status	employed
user20312	misc_attribute	personable
user20313	dislike	being still
user20313	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20313	marital_status	divorced
user20313	has_age	40
user20313	gender	male
user20314	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20314	like_music	country
user20314	has_age	young adult
user20315	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20315	misc_attribute	angry
user20315	job_status	employed
user20315	like_animal	<blank>
user20316	have_pet	1 cat
user20316	dislike	environment
user20316	like_activity	singing
user20316	like_activity	sewing
user20317	has_hobby	reading
user20317	like_watching	<blank>
user20317	job_status	employed
user20317	misc_attribute	political
user20318	like_goto	gym
user20318	like_drink	water
user20318	other	do not want children
user20318	employed_by_general	hospital
user20318	misc_attribute	private
user20319	have_chidren	3 children
user20319	like_general	caring for others
user20319	like_activity	cycling
user20319	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20320	dislike	snake
user20320	not_have	child
user20320	has_profession	writer
user20320	attend_school	mit
user20321	misc_attribute	angry
user20321	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20321	job_status	employed
user20321	employed_by_general	shelter
user20321	like_animal	<blank>
user20322	has_hobby	patchworking
user20322	previous_profession	banker
user20322	have_pet	cat
user20322	has_hobby	sewing
user20322	has_hobby	walking
user20323	want_do	go to college
user20323	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20324	physical_attribute	short
user20324	has_profession	0 janitor
user20324	has_profession	artist
user20324	has_hobby	projects
user20325	have_chidren	3 children
user20325	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20325	like_general	caring for others
user20325	like_activity	cycling
user20325	have_pet	2 dog
user20326	place_origin	farm
user20326	have_chidren	7 children
user20326	has_profession	truck driver
user20326	like_general	blue
user20327	like_movie	horror
user20327	attend_school	usc
user20327	place_origin	south carolina
user20327	has_profession	0 singer
user20328	like_activity	reading
user20328	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20328	have_sibling	7 sibling
user20329	attend_school	university
user20329	place_origin	united states
user20329	school_status	student
user20329	want_job	scientist
user20330	live_in_general	near mountains
user20330	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20330	other	parents are teachers
user20330	like_animal	all
user20331	favorite_color	purple
user20331	like_watching	tv
user20331	other	devout catholic
user20331	has_profession	nurse
user20332	has_profession	advertising
user20332	other	am jewish
user20332	have	best friend
user20332	like_activity	traveling
user20333	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20333	like_food	meat
user20333	has_profession	doctor
user20333	have_sibling	1 brother
user20334	misc_attribute	criminal
user20334	want_job	fashion designer
user20334	want	children
user20335	like_food	food with no animal product
user20335	<blank>	<blank>
user20335	favorite_food	sushi
user20335	have_family	father
user20335	<blank>	<blank>
user20336	other	do not eat sweets
user20336	like_music	jazz
user20336	favorite_show	the office
user20336	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20336	other	jewish
user20337	school_status	graduated
user20337	favorite_sport	soccer
user20337	like_sports	<blank>
user20337	marital_status	engaged
user20338	has_profession	teacher
user20338	have_vehicle	convertible
user20338	has_hobby	swimming
user20338	like_activity	working out
user20338	like_general	chrildern
user20339	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20339	like_activity	painting
user20339	have_pet	2 horse
user20339	live_in_general	large city
user20339	like_music	taylor swift
user20340	have_pet	dog
user20340	like_activity	dance
user20340	physical_attribute	mixed race
user20341	favorite_season	winter
user20341	like_music	metallica
user20341	place_origin	wisconsin
user20341	have_sibling	2 brother
user20342	marital_status	divorced
user20342	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20342	place_origin	late was
user20343	have_pet	1 cat
user20343	has_hobby	board games
user20343	school_status	0 graduated
user20344	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20344	like_activity	singing
user20344	marital_status	single
user20345	other	parents are teachers
user20345	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20345	like_animal	all
user20345	live_in_general	near mountains
user20345	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20346	has_profession	musician
user20346	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20346	like_read	drama
user20346	like_activity	video games
user20347	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20347	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20347	like_general	british accents
user20347	has_profession	hairdresser
user20347	marital_status	4 married
user20348	has_profession	writer
user20348	has_hobby	writing
user20348	live_in_general	far away island
user20348	misc_attribute	introvert
user20348	have_pet	2 cat
user20349	other	homebody
user20349	like_movie	movies and tv
user20349	like_food	ice cream
user20349	marital_status	married
user20349	dislike	working out
user20350	want_do	short stories
user20350	like_drink	scotch
user20350	like_movie	superhero
user20350	dislike	dog
user20351	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20351	own	dieting business
user20351	has_profession	writer
user20351	like_sports	exercise
user20352	has_profession	hairdresser
user20352	marital_status	4 married
user20352	like_general	british accents
user20352	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20352	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20353	other	transgender
user20353	want_job	actor
user20353	attend_school	middle school
user20353	like_animal	dog
user20353	like_music	pink floyd
user20354	attend_school	university
user20354	want_job	scientist
user20354	other	studious
user20354	place_origin	united states
user20354	school_status	student
user20355	want	successfull
user20355	attend_school	university
user20355	school_status	student
user20355	school_status	student
user20355	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20356	have	weights
user20356	physical_attribute	tall
user20356	like_activity	cooking
user20356	like_watching	horror
user20357	favorite_show	the office
user20357	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20357	other	do not eat sweets
user20357	other	jewish
user20357	like_music	jazz
user20358	like_sports	racquetball
user20358	like_goto	restaurant
user20358	want	retirement
user20358	like_music	oldies
user20358	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20359	have_pet	2 horse
user20359	live_in_general	large city
user20359	like_music	taylor swift
user20359	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20359	like_activity	painting
user20360	like_food	onion
user20360	dislike	cat
user20360	has_profession	nurse
user20360	dislike	father
user20361	dislike	insects
user20361	favorite_music	bach
user20361	like_food	bacon
user20361	has_ability	speak language
user20362	other	do not eat sweets
user20362	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20362	other	jewish
user20362	favorite_show	the office
user20363	like_animal	all
user20363	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20363	live_in_general	near mountains
user20363	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20363	other	parents are teachers
user20364	have_pet	dog
user20364	like_activity	dance
user20364	physical_attribute	mixed race
user20365	marital_status	4 married
user20365	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20365	has_profession	hairdresser
user20365	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20366	marital_status	married
user20366	like_food	ice cream
user20366	like_movie	movies and tv
user20366	other	homebody
user20367	favorite_color	green
user20367	like_goto	zoo
user20367	has_profession	nurse
user20367	have	large collection of bears
user20368	like_food	granola
user20368	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20368	have_pet	fish
user20368	own	vintage decorations
user20368	have_chidren	2 son
user20369	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20369	like_food	muffins
user20369	like_activity	watching movies
user20369	physical_attribute	short
user20370	have	weights
user20370	physical_attribute	tall
user20370	like_activity	cooking
user20370	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20370	like_watching	horror
user20371	have_vehicle	ford
user20371	like_goto	church
user20371	misc_attribute	conservative
user20371	own	3 guns
user20372	have_family	sibling
user20372	has_profession	stock broker
user20372	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20373	own	3 guns
user20373	like_goto	church
user20373	misc_attribute	conservative
user20374	like_food	italian cuisine
user20374	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20374	has_hobby	softball
user20374	like_activity	singing
user20375	has_hobby	reading
user20375	marital_status	married
user20375	want	big family
user20375	has_hobby	cooking
user20376	has_hobby	traveling
user20376	has_hobby	traveling
user20376	own	1 large garden
user20376	has_profession	teacher
user20376	has_hobby	walking
user20377	have	friend
user20377	has_profession	sales
user20377	other	omnivore
user20377	like_music	rush
user20378	misc_attribute	open
user20378	like_activity	hiking
user20378	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20378	want_do	draw
user20379	like_food	candy
user20379	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20379	has_profession	secretary
user20379	school_status	graduated
user20379	other	name
user20380	have	friends
user20380	attend_school	<blank>
user20380	live_in_general	under the sea
user20380	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20381	like_music	heart
user20381	marital_status	divorced
user20381	place_origin	late was
user20381	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20382	attend_school	auburn
user20382	school_status	student
user20382	want_job	doctor
user20382	like_activity	shopping
user20382	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20383	like_movie	movies and tv
user20383	like_food	ice cream
user20383	other	homebody
user20383	dislike	working out
user20384	like_activity	camping
user20384	like_food	meat
user20385	have_sibling	2 brother
user20385	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20385	favorite_season	winter
user20385	place_origin	wisconsin
user20386	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user20386	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user20386	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user20386	has_hobby	working out
user20387	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20387	has_profession	accountant
user20387	have_chidren	2 son
user20387	own	honda civic
user20388	favorite_hobby	model building
user20388	like_movie	titantic
user20388	live_in_general	abroad
user20388	have_pet	dog
user20388	have_chidren	child
user20389	like_activity	cooking
user20389	job_status	disability
user20389	like_activity	knitting
user20389	other	vegan
user20390	misc_attribute	conservative
user20390	have_vehicle	ford
user20390	like_goto	church
user20391	other	allergic to shellfish
user20391	like_activity	hunting
user20391	job_status	employed
user20391	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20391	has_profession	handyman
user20392	like_music	<blank>
user20392	physical_attribute	short
user20392	have_family	3 family
user20393	want	successfull
user20393	school_status	student
user20393	attend_school	university
user20393	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20393	school_status	student
user20394	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20395	school_status	student
user20395	physical_attribute	short
user20395	have_family	3 family
user20395	like_music	<blank>
user20396	school_status	student
user20396	want	successfull
user20396	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20396	attend_school	university
user20396	school_status	student
user20397	like_activity	meet new people
user20397	like_general	seasons
user20397	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user20398	favorite_activity	poker
user20398	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20398	like_music	ed sheeran
user20398	like_activity	running
user20398	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20399	like_activity	video games
user20399	has_profession	musician
user20399	like_read	drama
user20399	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20400	has_profession	skater
user20400	other	was born with a tail
user20400	employed_by_company	hollister
user20400	has_ability	play instrument
user20401	has_hobby	running
user20401	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20401	has_profession	musician
user20402	own	new nails
user20402	like_goto	beach
user20402	favorite_animal	horse
user20403	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20403	place_origin	puerto rico
user20403	employed_by_general	army
user20403	misc_attribute	violent
user20404	like_food	food with no animal product
user20404	have_family	father
user20404	<blank>	<blank>
user20404	<blank>	<blank>
user20404	favorite_food	sushi
user20405	have_pet	dog
user20405	like_activity	dance
user20405	live_in_general	edris island
user20406	attend_school	mit
user20406	has_profession	writer
user20406	dislike	snake
user20406	not_have	child
user20407	like_activity	camping
user20407	like_food	meat
user20408	favorite	holiday
user20408	have_pet	3 dog
user20408	has_profession	hairdresser
user20408	like_watching	sport
user20409	school_status	dropped out
user20409	live_in_general	low income housing
user20409	employed_by_general	fast food
user20409	dislike	all
user20410	live_in_general	abroad
user20410	have_chidren	child
user20410	have_pet	dog
user20410	like_movie	titantic
user20411	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20411	have_sibling	7 sibling
user20411	like_activity	reading
user20412	like_music	<blank>
user20412	have_family	3 family
user20412	physical_attribute	short
user20413	have_pet	dog
user20413	physical_attribute	mixed race
user20413	live_in_general	edris island
user20413	like_activity	dance
user20414	has_hobby	sewing
user20414	has_age	baby boomer
user20414	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20415	other	transgender
user20415	attend_school	middle school
user20415	like_music	pink floyd
user20415	like_animal	dog
user20416	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20416	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20416	marital_status	4 married
user20416	like_general	british accents
user20416	has_profession	hairdresser
user20417	favorite_food	sardines
user20417	school_status	never graduated
user20417	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20417	have_pet	2 dog
user20418	have_pet	2 dog
user20418	like_general	caring for others
user20418	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20418	have_chidren	3 children
user20419	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20419	like_general	the environment
user20419	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20419	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20419	has_age	34
user20420	like_activity	running
user20420	like_music	ed sheeran
user20420	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20420	favorite_activity	poker
user20421	want	successfull
user20421	school_status	student
user20421	school_status	student
user20421	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20422	other	went into the army after high school
user20422	have	allergy to dogs
user20422	has_hobby	singing
user20422	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20423	like_activity	cooking
user20423	marital_status	married
user20423	has_profession	teacher
user20423	like_activity	reading
user20423	misc_attribute	conservative
user20424	other	am jewish
user20424	have	best friend
user20424	like_activity	traveling
user20424	has_profession	advertising
user20424	place_origin	north dakota
user20425	like_activity	horseback riding
user20425	like_general	faciiak hair
user20425	misc_attribute	personable
user20426	has_age	32
user20426	want_job	chef
user20426	dislike	dog
user20426	like_read	romance
user20427	like_activity	cooking
user20427	has_hobby	working out
user20427	like_animal	horse
user20427	like_music	john denver
user20428	attend_school	auburn
user20428	like_activity	shopping
user20428	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20428	school_status	student
user20429	have_family	sibling
user20429	has_profession	stock broker
user20429	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20430	has_hobby	poker
user20430	has_hobby	used to drink
user20430	marital_status	married
user20430	has_ability	carpenter
user20430	misc_attribute	lonely
user20431	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20431	want_do	go to college
user20432	like_food	pizza
user20432	like_watching	sport
user20432	favorite	holiday
user20432	has_profession	hairdresser
user20432	have_pet	3 dog
user20433	want_do	travel
user20433	have_pet	dog
user20433	like_read	travel
user20434	other	vegan
user20434	like_activity	cooking
user20434	like_music	country
user20434	like_activity	knitting
user20434	job_status	disability
user20435	misc_attribute	criminal
user20435	attend_school	high school
user20435	want_job	fashion designer
user20435	want	children
user20436	want	retirement
user20436	like_goto	restaurant
user20436	like_music	oldies
user20436	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20436	like_sports	racquetball
user20437	like_general	seasons
user20437	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user20437	have_pet	turtle
user20438	misc_attribute	violent
user20438	has_age	20
user20438	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20438	place_origin	puerto rico
user20438	employed_by_general	army
user20439	attend_school	homeschool
user20439	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20439	like_activity	coplay
user20439	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20440	physical_attribute	short
user20440	like_music	<blank>
user20440	have_family	3 family
user20441	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20441	want_do	go to college
user20442	has_hobby	reading
user20442	marital_status	married
user20442	has_hobby	cooking
user20443	like_activity	surf
user20443	place_origin	california
user20443	other	"cant sing well"
user20443	has_profession	actor
user20443	want	moving to new york next year
user20444	have_pet	1 cat
user20444	like_read	biographies
user20444	has_hobby	board games
user20445	place_origin	puerto rico
user20445	has_age	20
user20445	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20445	misc_attribute	violent
user20446	misc_attribute	personable
user20446	job_status	employed
user20446	like_general	faciiak hair
user20446	like_activity	horseback riding
user20447	own	dieting business
user20447	has_hobby	reading
user20447	like_sports	exercise
user20447	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20447	has_profession	writer
user20448	want_job	fashion designer
user20448	misc_attribute	criminal
user20448	want	children
user20449	like_activity	meet new people
user20449	like_general	seasons
user20449	have_pet	turtle
user20449	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user20450	like_activity	surf
user20450	has_profession	actor
user20450	place_origin	california
user20450	other	"cant sing well"
user20450	want	moving to new york next year
user20451	like_general	caring for others
user20451	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20451	have_chidren	3 children
user20451	have_pet	2 dog
user20451	like_activity	cycling
user20452	like_animal	cat
user20452	other	feels too heavy
user20452	has_ability	cooking
user20452	have_chidren	3 children
user20453	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20453	like_food	meat
user20453	have_sibling	1 brother
user20453	has_profession	doctor
user20454	has_hobby	walking
user20454	have_pet	cat
user20454	previous_profession	banker
user20454	has_hobby	patchworking
user20455	want_job	archaeologist
user20455	has_profession	explorer
user20455	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20455	like_general	ice
user20456	have_pet	1 cat
user20456	like_activity	sewing
user20456	like_activity	singing
user20457	live_in_general	same place
user20457	like_general	roller coasters
user20457	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20457	has_age	12
user20458	like_food	meat
user20458	has_profession	doctor
user20458	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20459	has_age	34
user20459	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20459	like_general	the environment
user20459	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20460	place_origin	wisconsin
user20460	like_music	metallica
user20460	favorite_season	winter
user20460	have_sibling	2 brother
user20460	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20461	like_general	ice
user20461	has_profession	explorer
user20461	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20461	like_activity	hunting
user20461	want_job	archaeologist
user20462	like_activity	photography
user20462	like_activity	dancing
user20462	have	sweet tooth
user20462	has_profession	dog trainer
user20463	misc_attribute	criminal
user20463	want	children
user20463	attend_school	high school
user20463	want_job	fashion designer
user20464	has_hobby	sewing
user20464	previous_profession	banker
user20464	has_hobby	patchworking
user20464	has_hobby	walking
user20465	want	big family
user20465	marital_status	married
user20465	has_hobby	cooking
user20466	employed_by_company	hollister
user20466	has_profession	skater
user20466	has_ability	play instrument
user20466	like_food	chips
user20467	like_sports	sports
user20467	has_age	22
user20467	have	friends
user20467	like_music	rap
user20467	attend_school	university
user20468	like_activity	coplay
user20468	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20468	attend_school	homeschool
user20468	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20469	school_status	student
user20469	like_music	<blank>
user20469	physical_attribute	short
user20470	has_profession	sales
user20470	like_music	rush
user20470	other	omnivore
user20470	have	friend
user20470	has_hobby	graphic design
user20471	other	allergic to shellfish
user20471	has_profession	handyman
user20471	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20471	job_status	employed
user20471	like_activity	hunting
user20472	like_activity	horseback riding
user20472	like_general	faciiak hair
user20472	job_status	employed
user20472	misc_attribute	personable
user20473	favorite_color	purple
user20473	other	devout catholic
user20473	has_profession	nurse
user20473	like_watching	tv
user20474	school_status	student
user20474	want_job	lawyer
user20474	have_pet	dog
user20475	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user20475	like_activity	meet new people
user20475	like_general	seasons
user20475	have_pet	turtle
user20476	attend_school	university
user20476	has_age	22
user20476	like_music	rap
user20476	have	friends
user20476	like_sports	sports
user20477	has_hobby	walking
user20477	have_pet	cat
user20477	has_hobby	patchworking
user20477	has_hobby	sewing
user20477	previous_profession	banker
user20478	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user20478	like_activity	play
user20478	physical_attribute	furry
user20478	like_general	internet
user20478	has_age	28
user20479	other	am jewish
user20479	like_activity	traveling
user20479	has_profession	advertising
user20479	have	best friend
user20480	like_watching	horror
user20480	have	weights
user20480	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20480	physical_attribute	tall
user20480	like_activity	cooking
user20481	like_activity	running
user20481	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20481	favorite_activity	poker
user20481	like_music	ed sheeran
user20481	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20482	like_activity	singing
user20482	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20482	like_food	italian cuisine
user20482	has_profession	mentor
user20483	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20483	attend_school	homeschool
user20483	like_activity	coplay
user20483	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20484	like_activity	hiking
user20484	has_profession	accountant
user20484	own	honda civic
user20484	have_chidren	2 son
user20484	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20485	marital_status	married
user20485	has_hobby	poker
user20485	has_ability	carpenter
user20485	has_hobby	used to drink
user20485	misc_attribute	lonely
user20486	has_hobby	traveling
user20486	own	1 large garden
user20486	has_hobby	walking
user20486	has_hobby	traveling
user20486	has_profession	teacher
user20487	has_age	40
user20487	gender	male
user20487	marital_status	divorced
user20487	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20487	dislike	being still
user20488	dislike	religion
user20488	has_profession	attorney
user20488	like_animal	2 dog
user20488	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user20489	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20489	want_job	archaeologist
user20489	has_profession	explorer
user20489	like_general	ice
user20490	previous_profession	banker
user20490	have_pet	cat
user20490	has_hobby	walking
user20490	has_hobby	sewing
user20491	favorite_food	sushi
user20491	<blank>	<blank>
user20491	<blank>	<blank>
user20491	like_food	food with no animal product
user20492	want_do	short stories
user20492	previous_profession	carnival
user20492	like_drink	scotch
user20492	like_movie	superhero
user20493	like_music	taylor swift
user20493	have_pet	2 horse
user20493	live_in_general	large city
user20493	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20493	like_activity	painting
user20494	attend_school	university
user20494	other	studious
user20494	place_origin	united states
user20494	want_job	scientist
user20494	school_status	student
user20495	live_in_general	far away island
user20495	has_hobby	writing
user20495	has_profession	writer
user20495	misc_attribute	introvert
user20495	have_pet	2 cat
user20496	like_activity	partying
user20496	have_sibling	3 sister
user20496	school_status	never graduated
user20496	member_of	band
user20497	like_watching	horror
user20497	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20497	like_activity	cooking
user20497	physical_attribute	tall
user20498	has_profession	teacher
user20498	school_status	graduated
user20498	have_pet	1 cat
user20498	other	poor
user20499	like_activity	cooking
user20499	like_music	john denver
user20499	like_animal	horse
user20499	has_hobby	working out
user20499	like_animal	horse
user20500	like_watching	sport
user20500	has_profession	hairdresser
user20500	like_food	pizza
user20500	favorite	holiday
user20501	like_general	caring for others
user20501	have_pet	2 dog
user20501	like_activity	cycling
user20501	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20501	have_chidren	3 children
user20502	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20502	school_status	student
user20502	attend_school	auburn
user20502	want_job	doctor
user20502	like_activity	shopping
user20503	attend_school	university
user20503	want_job	scientist
user20503	school_status	student
user20503	other	studious
user20503	place_origin	united states
user20504	like_activity	cooking
user20504	like_activity	knitting
user20504	job_status	disability
user20504	like_music	country
user20504	other	vegan
user20505	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20505	has_profession	doctor
user20505	have_sibling	1 brother
user20505	like_food	meat
user20506	dislike	water
user20506	employed_by_general	factory
user20506	like_activity	gardening
user20506	favorite_color	purple
user20507	like_activity	walking
user20507	want_do	travel
user20507	have_pet	dog
user20507	like_read	travel
user20508	favorite_music	jazz
user20508	like_sports	running
user20508	has_profession	pediatrician
user20508	like_general	vintage cars
user20509	has_profession	writer
user20509	own	dieting business
user20509	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20509	like_sports	exercise
user20509	has_hobby	reading
user20510	like_movie	superhero
user20510	dislike	dog
user20510	want_do	short stories
user20510	like_drink	scotch
user20510	previous_profession	carnival
user20511	school_status	graduated
user20511	other	poor
user20511	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20511	have_pet	1 cat
user20511	has_profession	teacher
user20512	place_origin	puerto rico
user20512	has_age	20
user20512	employed_by_general	army
user20512	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20513	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20513	physical_attribute	short
user20513	like_food	muffins
user20513	have_pet	1 dog
user20514	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user20514	other	color blind
user20514	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user20514	has_hobby	working out
user20514	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user20515	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20515	have	surgery
user20515	school_status	never graduated
user20515	favorite_food	sardines
user20516	has_ability	speak language
user20516	favorite_music	bach
user20516	has_profession	engineer
user20516	dislike	insects
user20516	like_food	bacon
user20517	have	friends
user20517	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20517	live_in_general	under the sea
user20517	attend_school	<blank>
user20517	like_activity	exploring
user20518	employed_by_general	hospital
user20518	like_goto	gym
user20518	like_drink	water
user20518	misc_attribute	private
user20518	other	do not want children
user20519	dislike	insects
user20519	like_food	bacon
user20519	favorite_music	bach
user20519	has_ability	speak language
user20519	has_profession	engineer
user20520	like_activity	knitting
user20520	job_status	disability
user20520	other	vegan
user20520	like_activity	cooking
user20520	like_music	country
user20521	physical_attribute	short
user20521	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20521	like_activity	watching movies
user20521	have_pet	1 dog
user20521	like_food	muffins
user20522	school_status	student
user20522	have_pet	dog
user20522	like_activity	traveling
user20523	has_age	20
user20523	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20523	misc_attribute	violent
user20523	employed_by_general	army
user20523	place_origin	puerto rico
user20524	attend_school	high school
user20524	want_job	fashion designer
user20524	misc_attribute	criminal
user20524	want	children
user20525	has_profession	writer
user20525	not_have	child
user20525	attend_school	mit
user20525	dislike	snake
user20526	have_chidren	7 children
user20526	place_origin	farm
user20526	has_profession	truck driver
user20526	like_read	mystery
user20526	like_general	blue
user20527	like_music	guitar
user20527	has_profession	barista
user20527	have	tattoos
user20527	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20528	like_read	mystery
user20528	has_profession	truck driver
user20528	place_origin	farm
user20528	have_chidren	7 children
user20529	has_profession	secretary
user20529	like_food	candy
user20529	school_status	graduated
user20529	other	name
user20529	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20530	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20530	school_status	never graduated
user20530	favorite_food	sardines
user20530	have	surgery
user20531	want	children
user20531	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20531	marital_status	single
user20531	like_activity	singing
user20532	have_chidren	3 children
user20532	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20532	have_pet	2 dog
user20532	like_activity	cycling
user20532	like_general	caring for others
user20533	job_status	employed
user20533	like_animal	<blank>
user20533	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20533	employed_by_general	shelter
user20533	misc_attribute	angry
user20534	gender	male
user20534	own	wheelchair
user20534	misc_attribute	tired
user20534	previous_profession	military
user20535	has_hobby	sewing
user20535	has_age	baby boomer
user20536	own	new nails
user20536	other	diet
user20536	like_goto	beach
user20536	favorite_animal	horse
user20537	want_do	draw
user20537	like_activity	hiking
user20537	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20537	like_read	poetry
user20538	have_pet	dog
user20538	like_movie	titantic
user20538	favorite_hobby	model building
user20538	have_chidren	child
user20538	live_in_general	abroad
user20539	employed_by_general	hospital
user20539	misc_attribute	private
user20539	like_goto	gym
user20539	like_drink	water
user20540	has_profession	artist
user20540	physical_attribute	short
user20540	has_hobby	projects
user20540	has_profession	0 janitor
user20540	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user20541	like_sports	racquetball
user20541	want	retirement
user20541	like_music	oldies
user20541	like_goto	restaurant
user20542	like_music	metallica
user20542	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20542	favorite_season	winter
user20542	place_origin	wisconsin
user20543	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20543	like_read	poetry
user20543	want_do	draw
user20543	like_activity	hiking
user20543	misc_attribute	open
user20544	own	house
user20544	have	sweet tooth
user20544	has_profession	dog trainer
user20544	like_activity	photography
user20544	like_activity	dancing
user20545	like_sports	<blank>
user20545	favorite_sport	soccer
user20545	school_status	graduated
user20545	marital_status	engaged
user20546	like_sports	racquetball
user20546	like_goto	restaurant
user20546	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20546	like_music	oldies
user20546	want	retirement
user20547	favorite_food	sardines
user20547	school_status	never graduated
user20547	have	surgery
user20547	have_pet	2 dog
user20547	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20548	like_activity	cooking
user20548	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20548	like_watching	horror
user20548	have	weights
user20548	physical_attribute	tall
user20549	other	poor
user20549	have_pet	1 cat
user20549	school_status	graduated
user20549	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20550	has_profession	stock broker
user20550	have_family	sibling
user20550	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20551	like_activity	cooking
user20551	like_animal	horse
user20551	like_music	john denver
user20551	like_animal	horse
user20551	has_hobby	working out
user20552	has_profession	handyman
user20552	like_activity	hunting
user20552	job_status	employed
user20552	other	allergic to shellfish
user20552	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20553	like_activity	singing
user20553	has_hobby	softball
user20553	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20553	has_profession	mentor
user20554	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20554	like_general	roller coasters
user20554	live_in_general	same place
user20555	has_profession	mentor
user20555	has_hobby	softball
user20555	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20555	like_activity	singing
user20555	like_food	italian cuisine
user20556	have_pet	dog
user20556	have_chidren	child
user20556	live_in_general	abroad
user20556	favorite_hobby	model building
user20557	has_hobby	traveling
user20557	has_hobby	traveling
user20557	has_profession	teacher
user20557	has_hobby	walking
user20557	own	1 large garden
user20558	has_profession	musician
user20558	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20558	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20559	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20559	has_age	baby boomer
user20559	has_hobby	sewing
user20560	like_food	food with no animal product
user20560	<blank>	<blank>
user20560	<blank>	<blank>
user20560	have_family	father
user20561	like_activity	coplay
user20561	attend_school	homeschool
user20561	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20561	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20562	like_general	vintage cars
user20562	favorite_music	jazz
user20562	like_sports	running
user20562	has_profession	pediatrician
user20562	marital_status	married
user20563	has_profession	actor
user20563	want	moving to new york next year
user20563	other	"cant sing well"
user20563	place_origin	california
user20563	like_activity	surf
user20564	want	big family
user20564	marital_status	married
user20564	has_hobby	cooking
user20564	has_hobby	reading
user20565	other	diet
user20565	like_goto	beach
user20565	favorite_animal	horse
user20565	own	new nails
user20566	has_profession	writer
user20566	has_hobby	reading
user20566	like_sports	exercise
user20566	own	dieting business
user20567	other	allergies
user20567	live_in_general	very small town
user20567	teach	their child
user20567	like_general	early morning
user20567	like_activity	arts and crafts
user20568	dislike	dog
user20568	like_read	romance
user20568	want_job	chef
user20568	has_age	32
user20568	live_in_general	apartment
user20569	attend_school	university
user20569	has_age	22
user20569	like_sports	sports
user20569	like_music	rap
user20569	have	friends
user20570	school_status	student
user20570	have_pet	dog
user20570	like_activity	traveling
user20570	want_job	lawyer
user20571	school_status	dropped out
user20571	dislike	all
user20571	live_in_general	low income housing
user20571	employed_by_general	fast food
user20572	like_general	seasons
user20572	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user20572	have_pet	turtle
user20573	like_sports	exercise
user20573	own	dieting business
user20573	has_hobby	reading
user20573	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20573	has_profession	writer
user20574	misc_attribute	lonely
user20574	marital_status	married
user20574	has_ability	carpenter
user20574	has_hobby	used to drink
user20574	has_hobby	poker
user20575	has_profession	secretary
user20575	other	name
user20575	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20575	like_food	candy
user20576	own	wheelchair
user20576	previous_profession	military
user20576	misc_attribute	tired
user20576	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20577	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20577	live_in_general	same place
user20577	like_general	roller coasters
user20577	has_age	12
user20578	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20578	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20578	marital_status	4 married
user20578	like_general	british accents
user20578	has_profession	hairdresser
user20579	gender	male
user20579	misc_attribute	tired
user20579	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20579	previous_profession	military
user20579	own	wheelchair
user20580	has_hobby	running
user20580	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20580	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20580	has_profession	musician
user20581	has_age	28
user20581	physical_attribute	furry
user20581	like_activity	play
user20581	like_general	internet
user20581	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user20582	has_hobby	sewing
user20582	has_age	baby boomer
user20582	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20583	like_movie	movies and tv
user20583	dislike	working out
user20583	marital_status	married
user20583	other	homebody
user20584	misc_attribute	open
user20584	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20584	want_do	draw
user20584	like_read	poetry
user20585	like_goto	gym
user20585	misc_attribute	private
user20585	like_drink	water
user20585	employed_by_general	hospital
user20585	other	do not want children
user20586	has_profession	attorney
user20586	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user20586	dislike	religion
user20586	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user20587	like_music	metallica
user20587	have_sibling	2 brother
user20587	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20587	place_origin	wisconsin
user20587	favorite_season	winter
user20588	marital_status	single
user20588	like_activity	shopping
user20588	other	close with my sister
user20589	has_hobby	walking
user20589	has_hobby	traveling
user20589	own	1 large garden
user20589	has_profession	teacher
user20589	has_hobby	traveling
user20590	like_music	guitar
user20590	has_profession	barista
user20590	have	tattoos
user20590	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20591	has_hobby	graphic design
user20591	has_profession	sales
user20591	like_music	rush
user20591	have	friend
user20591	other	omnivore
user20592	has_profession	attorney
user20592	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user20592	dislike	religion
user20592	like_animal	2 dog
user20592	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user20593	own	wheelchair
user20593	misc_attribute	tired
user20593	gender	male
user20593	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20593	previous_profession	military
user20594	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20594	like_read	poetry
user20594	want_do	draw
user20594	like_activity	hiking
user20594	misc_attribute	open
user20595	want	big family
user20595	has_hobby	cooking
user20595	marital_status	married
user20596	school_status	dropped out
user20596	employed_by_general	fast food
user20596	has_hobby	running
user20596	live_in_general	low income housing
user20596	dislike	all
user20597	own	3 guns
user20597	have_vehicle	ford
user20597	like_goto	church
user20598	like_activity	coplay
user20598	attend_school	homeschool
user20598	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20598	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20599	like_music	country
user20599	like_activity	coding
user20599	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20600	live_in_general	very small town
user20600	teach	their child
user20600	other	allergies
user20600	like_general	early morning
user20600	like_activity	arts and crafts
user20601	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user20601	favorite_color	green
user20601	like_goto	zoo
user20601	have	large collection of bears
user20601	has_profession	nurse
user20602	attend_school	university
user20602	other	studious
user20602	place_origin	united states
user20602	want_job	scientist
user20603	own	large stereo
user20603	like_activity	camping
user20604	dislike	water
user20604	employed_by_general	factory
user20604	favorite_color	purple
user20604	like_activity	gardening
user20605	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20605	place_origin	late was
user20605	marital_status	divorced
user20606	like_general	roller coasters
user20606	live_in_general	same place
user20606	has_age	12
user20606	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20607	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20607	like_activity	hunting
user20607	like_general	ice
user20607	want_job	archaeologist
user20608	live_in_general	under the sea
user20608	attend_school	<blank>
user20608	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20608	like_activity	exploring
user20608	have	friends
user20609	like_activity	cooking
user20609	like_music	john denver
user20609	like_animal	horse
user20609	like_animal	horse
user20609	has_hobby	working out
user20610	have	best friend
user20610	like_activity	traveling
user20610	other	am jewish
user20610	place_origin	north dakota
user20611	have_pet	1 dog
user20611	like_food	muffins
user20611	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20611	physical_attribute	short
user20611	like_activity	watching movies
user20612	like_general	roller coasters
user20612	has_age	12
user20612	live_in_general	same place
user20612	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20613	has_hobby	video games
user20613	have	computer science degree
user20613	has_hobby	model building
user20613	misc_attribute	shy
user20614	gender	male
user20614	has_age	40
user20614	dislike	being still
user20614	marital_status	divorced
user20614	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20615	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20615	has_profession	hairdresser
user20615	marital_status	4 married
user20615	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20616	has_profession	doctor
user20616	like_food	meat
user20616	have_sibling	1 brother
user20616	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20617	like_activity	coplay
user20617	attend_school	homeschool
user20617	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20618	like_food	ice cream
user20618	other	homebody
user20618	marital_status	married
user20618	dislike	working out
user20618	like_movie	movies and tv
user20619	like_food	bacon
user20619	has_ability	speak language
user20619	favorite_music	bach
user20619	dislike	insects
user20620	have_chidren	3 children
user20620	job_status	employed
user20620	like_animal	cat
user20620	has_ability	cooking
user20620	other	feels too heavy
user20621	like_activity	singing
user20621	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20621	want	children
user20622	live_in_general	same place
user20622	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20622	has_age	12
user20622	like_general	roller coasters
user20623	have_pet	1 cat
user20623	school_status	0 graduated
user20623	has_hobby	board games
user20623	like_read	biographies
user20624	have_pet	2 cat
user20624	misc_attribute	introvert
user20624	has_hobby	writing
user20624	has_profession	writer
user20624	live_in_general	far away island
user20625	have_chidren	7 children
user20625	like_read	mystery
user20625	has_profession	truck driver
user20625	place_origin	farm
user20625	like_general	blue
user20626	have	allergy to dogs
user20626	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20626	other	went into the army after high school
user20626	has_hobby	singing
user20627	member_of	<blank>
user20627	want_do	writing
user20627	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20627	job_status	2 employed
user20627	like_general	fantasy
user20628	dislike	working out
user20628	marital_status	married
user20628	like_movie	movies and tv
user20628	other	homebody
user20629	marital_status	married
user20629	other	homebody
user20629	like_food	ice cream
user20629	like_movie	movies and tv
user20629	dislike	working out
user20630	favorite_color	green
user20630	has_profession	nurse
user20630	like_goto	zoo
user20630	have	large collection of bears
user20631	other	democrat
user20631	misc_attribute	political
user20631	like_watching	<blank>
user20631	has_hobby	reading
user20631	job_status	employed
user20632	live_in_general	low income housing
user20632	has_hobby	running
user20632	dislike	all
user20632	school_status	dropped out
user20632	employed_by_general	fast food
user20633	has_age	baby boomer
user20633	has_hobby	sewing
user20633	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20634	attend_school	auburn
user20634	want_job	doctor
user20634	like_activity	shopping
user20634	school_status	student
user20634	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20635	misc_attribute	open
user20635	want_do	draw
user20635	like_activity	hiking
user20635	like_read	poetry
user20635	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20636	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20636	live_in_general	near mountains
user20636	like_animal	all
user20636	other	parents are teachers
user20637	like_activity	gardening
user20637	dislike	water
user20637	employed_by_general	factory
user20637	favorite_color	purple
user20638	like_drink	water
user20638	misc_attribute	private
user20638	like_goto	gym
user20638	employed_by_general	hospital
user20639	want_job	doctor
user20639	like_activity	shopping
user20639	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20639	attend_school	auburn
user20639	school_status	student
user20640	other	allergies
user20640	like_activity	arts and crafts
user20640	teach	their child
user20640	like_general	early morning
user20640	live_in_general	very small town
user20641	own	large stereo
user20641	like_activity	camping
user20642	have	best friend
user20642	place_origin	north dakota
user20642	other	am jewish
user20642	has_profession	advertising
user20643	has_age	young adult
user20643	like_music	country
user20643	like_activity	coding
user20644	other	vegan
user20644	like_activity	knitting
user20644	like_activity	cooking
user20644	job_status	disability
user20645	like_music	jazz
user20645	favorite_show	the office
user20645	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20645	other	do not eat sweets
user20646	have_chidren	3 children
user20646	other	feels too heavy
user20646	like_animal	cat
user20646	job_status	employed
user20647	like_animal	horse
user20647	has_hobby	working out
user20647	like_activity	cooking
user20647	like_music	john denver
user20648	have_sibling	2 brother
user20648	place_origin	wisconsin
user20648	like_music	metallica
user20648	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20649	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user20649	has_profession	artist
user20649	physical_attribute	short
user20649	has_profession	0 janitor
user20650	want_do	go to college
user20650	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user20651	has_profession	writer
user20651	misc_attribute	introvert
user20651	have_pet	2 cat
user20651	live_in_general	far away island
user20651	has_hobby	writing
user20652	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20652	has_profession	teacher
user20652	have_pet	1 cat
user20652	school_status	graduated
user20652	other	poor
user20653	has_hobby	traveling
user20653	has_hobby	walking
user20653	has_profession	teacher
user20653	own	1 large garden
user20654	school_status	student
user20654	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20654	school_status	student
user20654	attend_school	university
user20655	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20655	like_music	taylor swift
user20655	like_activity	painting
user20655	have_pet	2 horse
user20655	live_in_general	large city
user20656	like_music	john denver
user20656	like_animal	horse
user20656	like_activity	cooking
user20656	has_hobby	working out
user20656	like_animal	horse
user20657	has_age	20
user20657	employed_by_general	army
user20657	misc_attribute	violent
user20657	place_origin	puerto rico
user20658	has_profession	writer
user20658	has_hobby	writing
user20658	have_pet	2 cat
user20658	misc_attribute	introvert
user20658	live_in_general	far away island
user20659	has_profession	nurse
user20659	like_watching	tv
user20659	favorite_color	purple
user20660	want_do	writing
user20660	job_status	2 employed
user20660	member_of	<blank>
user20660	like_general	fantasy
user20660	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20661	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20661	like_activity	coding
user20661	has_age	young adult
user20662	job_status	2 employed
user20662	want_do	writing
user20662	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20662	member_of	<blank>
user20663	has_hobby	video games
user20663	have	computer science degree
user20663	has_hobby	model building
user20663	misc_attribute	shy
user20664	have_pet	turtle
user20664	like_activity	meet new people
user20664	like_general	seasons
user20665	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20665	has_age	young adult
user20665	like_music	country
user20665	like_activity	coding
user20666	like_animal	horse
user20666	like_music	john denver
user20666	like_activity	cooking
user20666	has_hobby	working out
user20666	like_animal	horse
user20667	marital_status	single
user20667	has_degree	nursing
user20667	like_activity	shopping
user20667	other	close with my sister
user20668	attend_school	homeschool
user20668	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20668	like_activity	coplay
user20669	misc_attribute	tired
user20669	previous_profession	military
user20669	gender	male
user20669	own	wheelchair
user20670	have_pet	dog
user20670	have_chidren	child
user20670	live_in_general	abroad
user20670	like_movie	titantic
user20671	want_do	writing
user20671	like_general	fantasy
user20671	member_of	<blank>
user20671	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20672	like_activity	coplay
user20672	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20672	attend_school	homeschool
user20673	like_general	chrildern
user20673	like_activity	working out
user20673	has_profession	teacher
user20673	has_hobby	swimming
user20674	dislike	father
user20674	job_status	employed
user20674	has_profession	nurse
user20674	like_food	onion
user20675	has_ability	cooking
user20675	other	feels too heavy
user20675	job_status	employed
user20675	like_animal	cat
user20676	live_in_general	under the sea
user20676	attend_school	<blank>
user20676	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20676	have	friends
user20676	like_activity	exploring
user20677	have_pet	fish
user20677	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20677	have_chidren	2 son
user20677	own	vintage decorations
user20677	like_food	granola
user20678	other	"cant sing well"
user20678	has_profession	actor
user20678	want	moving to new york next year
user20678	like_activity	surf
user20678	place_origin	california
user20679	has_profession	mentor
user20679	like_food	italian cuisine
user20679	like_activity	singing
user20679	has_hobby	softball
user20679	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20680	has_age	34
user20680	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20680	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20680	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20680	like_general	the environment
user20681	dislike	dog
user20681	want_job	chef
user20681	has_age	32
user20681	like_read	romance
user20681	live_in_general	apartment
user20682	like_activity	singing
user20682	have_pet	1 cat
user20682	dislike	environment
user20682	like_activity	sewing
user20683	want_job	chef
user20683	live_in_general	apartment
user20683	has_age	32
user20683	like_read	romance
user20684	has_profession	musician
user20684	like_activity	video games
user20684	like_read	drama
user20684	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20685	want_job	lawyer
user20685	like_activity	traveling
user20685	school_status	student
user20685	have_pet	dog
user20686	have_chidren	3 children
user20686	have_pet	2 dog
user20686	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20686	like_general	caring for others
user20686	like_activity	cycling
user20687	has_hobby	running
user20687	has_profession	musician
user20687	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20687	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20688	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20688	like_activity	coplay
user20688	attend_school	homeschool
user20689	school_status	never graduated
user20689	have	surgery
user20689	favorite_food	sardines
user20689	have_pet	2 dog
user20689	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20690	favorite_food	sushi
user20690	<blank>	<blank>
user20690	<blank>	<blank>
user20690	like_food	food with no animal product
user20691	like_music	taylor swift
user20691	live_in_general	large city
user20691	like_activity	painting
user20691	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20692	like_music	john denver
user20692	has_hobby	working out
user20692	like_animal	horse
user20692	like_activity	cooking
user20693	has_profession	musician
user20693	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20693	has_hobby	running
user20693	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20694	other	parents are teachers
user20694	live_in_general	near mountains
user20694	like_animal	all
user20694	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20695	has_profession	barista
user20695	have	tattoos
user20695	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20696	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20696	gender	male
user20696	marital_status	divorced
user20696	dislike	being still
user20697	has_hobby	cooking
user20697	has_hobby	reading
user20697	want	big family
user20697	marital_status	married
user20698	like_animal	horse
user20698	like_animal	horse
user20698	has_hobby	working out
user20698	like_music	john denver
user20699	have_chidren	7 children
user20699	has_profession	truck driver
user20699	like_general	blue
user20699	like_read	mystery
user20700	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20700	like_general	roller coasters
user20700	live_in_general	same place
user20701	like_sports	running
user20701	like_general	vintage cars
user20701	has_profession	pediatrician
user20701	favorite_music	jazz
user20702	dislike	all
user20702	has_hobby	running
user20702	employed_by_general	fast food
user20702	school_status	dropped out
user20703	have	weights
user20703	like_watching	horror
user20703	physical_attribute	tall
user20703	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20704	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20704	like_activity	reading
user20704	have_sibling	7 sibling
user20705	has_ability	play instrument
user20705	like_food	chips
user20705	has_profession	skater
user20705	other	was born with a tail
user20706	place_origin	late was
user20706	marital_status	divorced
user20706	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20706	like_music	heart
user20707	misc_attribute	tired
user20707	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20707	previous_profession	military
user20707	gender	male
user20707	own	wheelchair
user20708	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20708	has_age	20
user20708	place_origin	puerto rico
user20708	employed_by_general	army
user20709	previous_profession	carnival
user20709	want_do	short stories
user20709	dislike	dog
user20709	like_drink	scotch
user20710	like_activity	shopping
user20710	attend_school	auburn
user20710	want_job	doctor
user20710	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20711	like_food	granola
user20711	own	vintage decorations
user20711	have_pet	fish
user20711	have_chidren	2 son
user20711	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20712	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user20712	has_profession	artist
user20712	physical_attribute	short
user20712	has_profession	0 janitor
user20712	has_hobby	projects
user20713	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20713	has_age	baby boomer
user20713	has_hobby	sewing
user20714	has_profession	hairdresser
user20714	marital_status	4 married
user20714	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20714	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20714	like_general	british accents
user20715	live_in_general	under the sea
user20715	attend_school	<blank>
user20715	have	friends
user20715	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20716	physical_attribute	short
user20716	school_status	student
user20716	like_music	<blank>
user20717	employed_by_general	army
user20717	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user20717	place_origin	puerto rico
user20717	misc_attribute	violent
user20718	has_hobby	reading
user20718	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20718	like_sports	exercise
user20718	has_profession	writer
user20718	own	dieting business
user20719	other	omnivore
user20719	has_profession	sales
user20719	like_music	rush
user20719	has_hobby	graphic design
user20719	have	friend
user20720	school_status	student
user20720	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20720	want	successfull
user20720	attend_school	university
user20720	school_status	student
user20721	like_activity	surf
user20721	has_profession	actor
user20721	place_origin	california
user20721	other	"cant sing well"
user20722	marital_status	single
user20722	like_activity	singing
user20722	want	children
user20722	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20723	dislike	father
user20723	like_food	onion
user20723	dislike	cat
user20723	job_status	employed
user20724	marital_status	single
user20724	want	children
user20724	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20725	like_activity	play
user20725	like_general	internet
user20725	physical_attribute	furry
user20725	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user20726	have_family	father
user20726	like_food	food with no animal product
user20726	<blank>	<blank>
user20726	<blank>	<blank>
user20727	has_profession	writer
user20727	like_sports	exercise
user20727	own	dieting business
user20727	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20727	has_hobby	reading
user20728	school_status	never graduated
user20728	like_activity	partying
user20728	have_sibling	3 sister
user20729	other	do not want children
user20729	misc_attribute	private
user20729	like_goto	gym
user20729	employed_by_general	hospital
user20730	member_of	<blank>
user20730	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20730	want_do	writing
user20730	like_general	fantasy
user20731	like_animal	all
user20731	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20731	live_in_general	near mountains
user20731	other	parents are teachers
user20732	has_hobby	cooking
user20732	want	big family
user20732	marital_status	married
user20733	like_activity	knitting
user20733	other	vegan
user20733	job_status	disability
user20733	like_activity	cooking
user20734	like_activity	walking
user20734	like_read	travel
user20734	have_pet	dog
user20735	have_pet	3 dog
user20735	like_food	pizza
user20735	like_watching	sport
user20735	favorite	holiday
user20736	has_hobby	reading
user20736	want	big family
user20736	marital_status	married
user20736	has_hobby	cooking
user20737	like_activity	hiking
user20737	misc_attribute	open
user20737	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20737	want_do	draw
user20738	like_general	faciiak hair
user20738	like_activity	horseback riding
user20738	misc_attribute	personable
user20738	job_status	employed
user20739	has_profession	pediatrician
user20739	marital_status	married
user20739	like_sports	running
user20739	like_general	vintage cars
user20740	like_activity	shopping
user20740	other	close with my sister
user20740	marital_status	single
user20740	has_degree	nursing
user20741	has_hobby	model building
user20741	has_hobby	video games
user20741	misc_attribute	shy
user20741	have	computer science degree
user20742	has_hobby	running
user20742	has_profession	musician
user20742	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20743	place_origin	wisconsin
user20743	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20743	favorite_season	winter
user20743	like_music	metallica
user20743	have_sibling	2 brother
user20744	have_chidren	2 son
user20744	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20744	like_activity	hiking
user20744	has_profession	accountant
user20744	own	honda civic
user20745	like_watching	tv
user20745	has_profession	nurse
user20745	favorite_color	purple
user20745	other	devout catholic
user20746	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20746	live_in_general	near mountains
user20746	other	parents are teachers
user20746	like_animal	all
user20747	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20747	have_pet	1 cat
user20747	school_status	graduated
user20747	other	poor
user20747	has_profession	teacher
user20748	dislike	environment
user20748	have_pet	1 cat
user20748	like_activity	sewing
user20749	like_food	chips
user20749	employed_by_company	hollister
user20749	has_profession	skater
user20749	other	was born with a tail
user20749	has_ability	play instrument
user20750	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20750	like_music	country
user20750	has_age	young adult
user20751	teach	their child
user20751	like_activity	arts and crafts
user20751	live_in_general	very small town
user20751	other	allergies
user20752	has_hobby	sewing
user20752	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20752	has_age	baby boomer
user20753	like_goto	beach
user20753	other	diet
user20753	own	new nails
user20754	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20754	school_status	graduated
user20754	have_pet	1 cat
user20754	other	poor
user20755	other	poor
user20755	has_profession	teacher
user20755	school_status	graduated
user20755	have_pet	1 cat
user20755	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20756	live_in_general	under the sea
user20756	attend_school	<blank>
user20756	like_activity	exploring
user20756	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20756	have	friends
user20757	attend_school	university
user20757	place_origin	united states
user20757	other	studious
user20757	want_job	scientist
user20757	school_status	student
user20758	has_profession	accountant
user20758	have_chidren	2 son
user20758	like_activity	hiking
user20758	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20759	want_do	travel
user20759	like_read	travel
user20759	like_activity	walking
user20760	live_in_general	same place
user20760	like_general	roller coasters
user20760	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20760	has_age	12
user20761	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20761	school_status	student
user20761	attend_school	auburn
user20761	like_activity	shopping
user20761	want_job	doctor
user20762	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20762	misc_attribute	angry
user20762	job_status	employed
user20762	employed_by_general	shelter
user20763	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20763	has_hobby	running
user20763	has_profession	musician
user20763	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20764	school_status	graduated
user20764	favorite_sport	soccer
user20764	like_sports	<blank>
user20764	marital_status	engaged
user20764	other	used to play sport
user20765	has_hobby	model building
user20765	have	computer science degree
user20765	has_hobby	video games
user20766	has_hobby	used to drink
user20766	has_hobby	poker
user20766	misc_attribute	lonely
user20766	marital_status	married
user20767	have_pet	dog
user20767	live_in_general	abroad
user20767	have_chidren	child
user20767	like_movie	titantic
user20768	like_activity	coding
user20768	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20768	like_music	country
user20768	has_age	young adult
user20769	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20769	other	jewish
user20769	like_music	jazz
user20769	other	do not eat sweets
user20769	favorite_show	the office
user20770	have_sibling	3 sister
user20770	like_activity	partying
user20770	member_of	band
user20770	school_status	never graduated
user20771	has_age	baby boomer
user20771	has_hobby	sewing
user20771	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20772	dislike	environment
user20772	like_activity	sewing
user20772	have_pet	1 cat
user20772	like_activity	singing
user20773	other	omnivore
user20773	has_profession	sales
user20773	has_hobby	graphic design
user20773	like_music	rush
user20773	have	friend
user20774	has_profession	writer
user20774	has_hobby	writing
user20774	live_in_general	far away island
user20774	have_pet	2 cat
user20774	misc_attribute	introvert
user20775	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20775	like_general	roller coasters
user20775	live_in_general	same place
user20775	has_age	12
user20776	have_pet	3 dog
user20776	favorite	holiday
user20776	like_watching	sport
user20776	has_profession	hairdresser
user20776	like_food	pizza
user20777	own	house
user20777	has_profession	dog trainer
user20777	like_activity	photography
user20777	have	sweet tooth
user20777	like_activity	dancing
user20778	like_activity	sewing
user20778	have_pet	1 cat
user20778	like_activity	singing
user20778	dislike	environment
user20779	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20779	like_music	taylor swift
user20779	live_in_general	large city
user20779	have_pet	2 horse
user20779	like_activity	painting
user20780	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20780	like_animal	<blank>
user20780	misc_attribute	angry
user20780	job_status	employed
user20780	employed_by_general	shelter
user20781	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user20781	dislike	religion
user20781	has_profession	attorney
user20781	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user20782	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20782	like_animal	all
user20782	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20782	live_in_general	near mountains
user20782	other	parents are teachers
user20783	like_music	rap
user20783	has_age	22
user20783	like_sports	sports
user20783	attend_school	university
user20784	has_profession	barista
user20784	like_music	guitar
user20784	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user20785	other	studious
user20785	attend_school	university
user20785	want_job	scientist
user20785	school_status	student
user20786	like_general	caring for others
user20786	have_chidren	3 children
user20786	like_activity	cycling
user20786	have_pet	2 dog
user20787	like_watching	tv
user20787	favorite_color	purple
user20787	has_profession	nurse
user20787	other	devout catholic
user20788	<blank>	<blank>
user20788	favorite_food	sushi
user20788	like_food	food with no animal product
user20788	have_family	father
user20789	dislike	cat
user20789	job_status	employed
user20789	has_profession	nurse
user20789	like_food	onion
user20790	want_do	travel
user20790	like_activity	walking
user20790	have_pet	dog
user20791	like_sports	racquetball
user20791	like_goto	restaurant
user20791	like_music	oldies
user20791	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20792	have_sibling	3 sister
user20792	member_of	band
user20792	like_activity	partying
user20792	school_status	never graduated
user20793	school_status	never graduated
user20793	like_activity	partying
user20793	have_sibling	3 sister
user20793	member_of	band
user20794	like_activity	watching movies
user20794	like_food	muffins
user20794	physical_attribute	short
user20794	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20795	place_origin	late was
user20795	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20795	like_music	heart
user20795	marital_status	divorced
user20796	has_degree	nursing
user20796	like_activity	shopping
user20796	marital_status	single
user20797	attend_school	middle school
user20797	other	transgender
user20797	like_music	pink floyd
user20797	like_animal	dog
user20798	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20798	school_status	student
user20798	school_status	student
user20798	attend_school	university
user20799	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20799	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20799	live_in_general	near mountains
user20799	like_animal	all
user20799	other	parents are teachers
user20800	has_hobby	board games
user20800	have_pet	1 cat
user20800	like_read	biographies
user20801	favorite_season	winter
user20801	place_origin	wisconsin
user20801	have_sibling	2 brother
user20801	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20801	like_music	metallica
user20802	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20802	marital_status	single
user20802	like_activity	singing
user20802	want	children
user20803	live_in_general	under the sea
user20803	have	friends
user20803	like_activity	exploring
user20803	attend_school	<blank>
user20804	have_pet	2 horse
user20804	live_in_general	large city
user20804	like_music	taylor swift
user20804	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20804	like_activity	painting
user20805	have_pet	1 cat
user20805	school_status	graduated
user20805	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20805	other	poor
user20805	has_profession	teacher
user20806	like_activity	painting
user20806	like_music	taylor swift
user20806	have_pet	2 horse
user20806	live_in_general	large city
user20807	has_profession	hairdresser
user20807	like_general	british accents
user20807	marital_status	4 married
user20807	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20807	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20808	marital_status	single
user20808	has_degree	nursing
user20808	like_activity	shopping
user20808	other	close with my sister
user20809	like_movie	superhero
user20809	want_do	short stories
user20809	dislike	dog
user20809	like_drink	scotch
user20810	have	friend
user20810	has_hobby	graphic design
user20810	like_music	rush
user20810	other	omnivore
user20811	gender	male
user20811	previous_profession	military
user20811	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20811	own	wheelchair
user20812	like_goto	restaurant
user20812	like_music	oldies
user20812	want	retirement
user20812	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20813	has_hobby	reading
user20813	has_profession	writer
user20813	own	dieting business
user20813	like_sports	exercise
user20813	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user20814	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20814	live_in_general	same place
user20814	has_age	12
user20815	own	large stereo
user20815	like_activity	camping
user20815	like_food	meat
user20816	like_sports	running
user20816	like_general	vintage cars
user20816	favorite_music	jazz
user20816	marital_status	married
user20817	job_status	employed
user20817	other	allergic to shellfish
user20817	like_activity	hunting
user20817	has_profession	handyman
user20817	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20818	like_movie	titantic
user20818	have_pet	dog
user20818	live_in_general	abroad
user20818	favorite_hobby	model building
user20818	have_chidren	child
user20819	have_pet	1 cat
user20819	like_activity	singing
user20819	like_activity	sewing
user20819	dislike	environment
user20820	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20820	like_activity	reading
user20820	have_sibling	7 sibling
user20821	like_general	the environment
user20821	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20821	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20821	has_age	34
user20821	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20822	dislike	cat
user20822	dislike	father
user20822	like_food	onion
user20822	job_status	employed
user20822	has_profession	nurse
user20823	own	vintage decorations
user20823	like_food	granola
user20823	have_pet	fish
user20823	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20824	attend_school	auburn
user20824	want_job	doctor
user20824	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20824	like_activity	shopping
user20824	school_status	student
user20825	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20825	have_chidren	3 children
user20825	like_general	caring for others
user20825	have_pet	2 dog
user20826	want	big family
user20826	marital_status	married
user20826	has_hobby	reading
user20827	other	was born with a tail
user20827	like_food	chips
user20827	has_ability	play instrument
user20827	has_profession	skater
user20827	employed_by_company	hollister
user20828	want	moving to new york next year
user20828	has_profession	actor
user20828	place_origin	california
user20828	other	"cant sing well"
user20829	has_ability	speak language
user20829	like_food	bacon
user20829	dislike	insects
user20829	has_profession	engineer
user20830	dislike	dog
user20830	has_age	32
user20830	like_read	romance
user20830	live_in_general	apartment
user20830	want_job	chef
user20831	has_profession	musician
user20831	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20831	has_hobby	running
user20831	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20832	like_activity	video games
user20832	like_read	drama
user20832	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20833	like_activity	running
user20833	like_music	ed sheeran
user20833	favorite_activity	poker
user20833	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20833	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20834	has_ability	play instrument
user20834	employed_by_company	hollister
user20834	other	was born with a tail
user20834	like_food	chips
user20835	has_age	young adult
user20835	like_music	country
user20835	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20835	like_activity	coding
user20836	like_activity	partying
user20836	school_status	never graduated
user20836	have_sibling	3 sister
user20836	member_of	band
user20837	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20837	live_in_general	same place
user20837	like_general	roller coasters
user20838	favorite_activity	poker
user20838	like_activity	running
user20838	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20838	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20839	have_pet	2 dog
user20839	like_activity	playing frisbee
user20839	favorite_food	sardines
user20839	have	surgery
user20840	marital_status	divorced
user20840	place_origin	late was
user20840	like_music	heart
user20840	have_chidren	3 daughter
user20841	place_origin	wisconsin
user20841	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20841	like_music	metallica
user20841	have_sibling	2 brother
user20842	like_read	poetry
user20842	like_activity	hiking
user20842	misc_attribute	open
user20842	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user20842	want_do	draw
user20843	misc_attribute	personable
user20843	like_general	faciiak hair
user20843	like_activity	horseback riding
user20843	job_status	employed
user20844	misc_attribute	open
user20844	like_read	poetry
user20844	like_activity	hiking
user20844	want_do	draw
user20845	dislike	being still
user20845	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20845	marital_status	divorced
user20845	has_age	40
user20845	gender	male
user20846	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20846	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20846	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20846	has_age	34
user20847	marital_status	single
user20847	other	close with my sister
user20847	has_degree	nursing
user20847	like_activity	shopping
user20848	like_activity	horseback riding
user20848	job_status	employed
user20848	like_general	faciiak hair
user20849	favorite_activity	poker
user20849	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20849	like_activity	running
user20849	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20850	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20850	like_food	meat
user20850	has_profession	doctor
user20850	have_sibling	1 brother
user20851	live_in_general	large city
user20851	have_pet	2 horse
user20851	employed_by_general	grocery store
user20851	like_activity	painting
user20852	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20852	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20852	attend_school	homeschool
user20852	like_activity	coplay
user20853	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20853	like_activity	hiking
user20853	own	honda civic
user20853	has_profession	accountant
user20853	have_chidren	2 son
user20854	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20854	like_general	the environment
user20854	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20854	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20854	has_age	34
user20855	have	computer science degree
user20855	misc_attribute	shy
user20855	has_hobby	video games
user20855	has_hobby	model building
user20856	have_vehicle	ford
user20856	like_goto	church
user20856	own	3 guns
user20856	misc_attribute	conservative
user20857	have_pet	dog
user20857	want_job	lawyer
user20857	school_status	student
user20857	like_activity	traveling
user20858	school_status	student
user20858	have_sibling	0 sibling
user20858	want	successfull
user20858	school_status	student
user20858	attend_school	university
user20859	like_goto	zoo
user20859	has_profession	nurse
user20859	have	large collection of bears
user20859	favorite_color	green
user20860	dislike	working out
user20860	other	homebody
user20860	like_food	ice cream
user20860	marital_status	married
user20860	like_movie	movies and tv
user20861	like_activity	hunting
user20861	job_status	employed
user20861	other	allergic to shellfish
user20861	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20862	like_activity	dance
user20862	physical_attribute	mixed race
user20862	live_in_general	edris island
user20862	have_pet	dog
user20863	have_chidren	2 son
user20863	own	honda civic
user20863	like_activity	hiking
user20863	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20863	has_profession	accountant
user20864	has_hobby	cooking
user20864	marital_status	married
user20864	has_hobby	reading
user20864	want	big family
user20865	marital_status	divorced
user20865	gender	male
user20865	has_ability	build things with my hands
user20865	dislike	being still
user20866	other	went into the army after high school
user20866	has_hobby	singing
user20866	have	allergy to dogs
user20866	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20867	attend_school	university
user20867	school_status	student
user20867	want	successfull
user20867	school_status	student
user20868	own	vintage decorations
user20868	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20868	like_food	granola
user20868	have_chidren	2 son
user20868	have_pet	fish
user20869	has_hobby	sewing
user20869	has_age	baby boomer
user20870	like_music	oldies
user20870	want	retirement
user20870	like_goto	restaurant
user20870	like_sports	racquetball
user20871	like_watching	horror
user20871	like_activity	cooking
user20871	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20871	have	weights
user20871	physical_attribute	tall
user20872	has_profession	handyman
user20872	other	allergic to shellfish
user20872	like_activity	hunting
user20872	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20873	have_pet	dog
user20873	school_status	student
user20873	like_activity	traveling
user20874	other	color blind
user20874	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user20874	has_hobby	working out
user20874	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user20875	have	weights
user20875	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20875	like_watching	horror
user20875	physical_attribute	tall
user20876	other	used to play sport
user20876	like_sports	<blank>
user20876	school_status	graduated
user20876	marital_status	engaged
user20877	like_general	internet
user20877	physical_attribute	furry
user20877	like_activity	play
user20877	has_age	28
user20878	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20878	like_general	british accents
user20878	marital_status	4 married
user20878	has_profession	hairdresser
user20878	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20879	like_activity	reading
user20879	marital_status	married
user20879	like_activity	cooking
user20879	misc_attribute	conservative
user20879	has_profession	teacher
user20880	has_profession	teacher
user20880	has_hobby	walking
user20880	has_hobby	traveling
user20880	has_hobby	traveling
user20881	like_activity	shopping
user20881	want_job	doctor
user20881	school_status	student
user20881	attend_school	auburn
user20881	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20882	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20882	have_pet	fish
user20882	have_chidren	2 son
user20882	own	vintage decorations
user20882	like_food	granola
user20883	attend_school	university
user20883	school_status	student
user20883	want_job	scientist
user20883	place_origin	united states
user20883	other	studious
user20884	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20884	like_music	ed sheeran
user20884	like_activity	running
user20884	favorite_activity	poker
user20885	like_sports	sports
user20885	like_music	rap
user20885	attend_school	university
user20885	has_age	22
user20885	have	friends
user20886	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user20886	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user20886	other	color blind
user20886	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user20886	has_hobby	working out
user20887	like_watching	tv
user20887	other	devout catholic
user20887	has_profession	nurse
user20888	has_profession	pediatrician
user20888	like_sports	running
user20888	marital_status	married
user20888	like_general	vintage cars
user20889	have	friends
user20889	has_age	22
user20889	like_music	rap
user20889	attend_school	university
user20889	like_sports	sports
user20890	like_general	caring for others
user20890	have_pet	2 dog
user20890	like_activity	cycling
user20890	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20890	have_chidren	3 children
user20891	have	weights
user20891	employed_by_general	warehouse
user20891	like_watching	horror
user20891	physical_attribute	tall
user20892	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user20892	has_profession	musician
user20892	like_activity	video games
user20892	like_read	drama
user20893	has_hobby	working out
user20893	like_music	john denver
user20893	like_activity	cooking
user20893	like_animal	horse
user20893	like_animal	horse
user20894	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20894	want	children
user20894	like_activity	singing
user20895	favorite_animal	horse
user20895	like_goto	beach
user20895	other	diet
user20895	own	new nails
user20896	school_status	student
user20896	have_pet	dog
user20896	want_job	lawyer
user20897	like_activity	hiking
user20897	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user20897	have_chidren	2 son
user20897	has_profession	accountant
user20897	own	honda civic
user20898	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20898	has_hobby	running
user20898	has_profession	musician
user20898	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20899	like_activity	video games
user20899	has_profession	musician
user20899	like_read	drama
user20900	favorite_season	winter
user20900	like_music	metallica
user20900	place_origin	wisconsin
user20900	have_sibling	2 brother
user20901	like_activity	running
user20901	has_hobby	jujitsu
user20901	attend_school	0 <blank>
user20901	favorite_activity	poker
user20901	like_music	ed sheeran
user20902	job_status	2 employed
user20902	like_general	fantasy
user20902	member_of	<blank>
user20902	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20902	want_do	writing
user20903	live_in_general	same place
user20903	has_age	12
user20903	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20904	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20904	has_age	34
user20904	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20904	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20904	like_general	the environment
user20905	have	friends
user20905	attend_school	<blank>
user20905	like_activity	exploring
user20905	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20906	has_age	baby boomer
user20906	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20906	has_hobby	sewing
user20907	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20907	like_food	meat
user20907	has_profession	doctor
user20907	have_sibling	1 brother
user20908	marital_status	engaged
user20908	school_status	graduated
user20908	like_sports	<blank>
user20908	favorite_sport	soccer
user20908	other	used to play sport
user20909	like_goto	gym
user20909	other	do not want children
user20909	employed_by_general	hospital
user20909	misc_attribute	private
user20909	like_drink	water
user20910	like_general	ice
user20910	like_activity	hunting
user20910	has_profession	explorer
user20910	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20910	want_job	archaeologist
user20911	like_food	italian cuisine
user20911	has_profession	mentor
user20911	like_activity	singing
user20911	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20912	other	democrat
user20912	has_hobby	reading
user20912	misc_attribute	political
user20912	job_status	employed
user20912	like_watching	<blank>
user20913	physical_attribute	short
user20913	school_status	student
user20913	like_music	<blank>
user20913	have_family	3 family
user20914	favorite_drink	iced tea
user20914	like_activity	coding
user20914	like_music	country
user20914	has_age	young adult
user20915	employed_by_general	fast food
user20915	has_hobby	running
user20915	school_status	dropped out
user20915	live_in_general	low income housing
user20915	dislike	all
user20916	like_read	drama
user20916	has_profession	musician
user20916	like_activity	video games
user20917	want	children
user20917	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20917	like_activity	singing
user20917	marital_status	single
user20918	physical_attribute	1 leg
user20918	misc_attribute	tired
user20918	own	wheelchair
user20918	previous_profession	military
user20918	gender	male
user20919	favorite_music	jazz
user20919	has_profession	pediatrician
user20919	like_sports	running
user20919	like_general	vintage cars
user20919	marital_status	married
user20920	marital_status	married
user20920	misc_attribute	conservative
user20920	like_activity	reading
user20920	like_activity	cooking
user20921	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user20921	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user20921	has_hobby	working out
user20921	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user20921	other	color blind
user20922	like_general	roller coasters
user20922	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20922	live_in_general	same place
user20922	has_age	12
user20923	place_origin	farm
user20923	has_profession	truck driver
user20923	have_chidren	7 children
user20923	like_general	blue
user20924	like_activity	hunting
user20924	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20924	like_general	ice
user20924	want_job	archaeologist
user20925	has_profession	teacher
user20925	marital_status	married
user20925	like_activity	reading
user20925	like_activity	cooking
user20925	misc_attribute	conservative
user20926	have_pet	dog
user20926	like_activity	walking
user20926	like_read	travel
user20926	want_do	travel
user20927	school_status	student
user20927	have_pet	dog
user20927	like_activity	traveling
user20927	want_job	lawyer
user20928	like_read	romance
user20928	live_in_general	apartment
user20928	want_job	chef
user20928	dislike	dog
user20928	has_age	32
user20929	like_activity	reading
user20929	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user20930	has_profession	sales
user20930	has_hobby	graphic design
user20930	like_music	rush
user20930	other	omnivore
user20931	member_of	<blank>
user20931	like_general	fantasy
user20931	job_status	2 employed
user20931	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20932	school_status	graduated
user20932	has_profession	teacher
user20932	have_pet	1 cat
user20932	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20933	has_hobby	weightlifting
user20933	like_food	meat
user20933	have_sibling	1 brother
user20933	has_profession	doctor
user20934	has_profession	pediatrician
user20934	like_sports	running
user20934	marital_status	married
user20934	favorite_music	jazz
user20934	like_general	vintage cars
user20935	has_profession	musician
user20935	has_hobby	running
user20935	employed_by_company	pet smart
user20935	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user20936	has_age	20
user20936	misc_attribute	violent
user20936	place_origin	puerto rico
user20936	employed_by_general	army
user20937	favorite_color	purple
user20937	other	devout catholic
user20937	has_profession	nurse
user20937	like_watching	tv
user20938	other	feels too heavy
user20938	has_ability	cooking
user20938	job_status	employed
user20938	like_animal	cat
user20939	like_activity	dancing
user20939	own	house
user20939	has_profession	dog trainer
user20939	like_activity	photography
user20939	have	sweet tooth
user20940	have_chidren	child
user20940	favorite_hobby	model building
user20940	like_movie	titantic
user20940	live_in_general	abroad
user20940	have_pet	dog
user20941	has_hobby	traveling
user20941	has_hobby	walking
user20941	has_profession	teacher
user20941	own	1 large garden
user20941	has_hobby	traveling
user20942	employed_by_general	hospital
user20942	other	do not want children
user20942	misc_attribute	private
user20942	like_goto	gym
user20942	like_drink	water
user20943	like_animal	<blank>
user20943	misc_attribute	angry
user20943	employed_by_general	shelter
user20943	job_status	employed
user20943	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user20944	<blank>	<blank>
user20944	have_family	father
user20944	like_food	food with no animal product
user20944	favorite_food	sushi
user20945	dislike	dog
user20945	like_movie	superhero
user20945	like_drink	scotch
user20945	previous_profession	carnival
user20945	want_do	short stories
user20946	like_activity	coplay
user20946	attend_school	homeschool
user20946	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user20946	physical_attribute	blue hair
user20947	member_of	<blank>
user20947	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user20947	job_status	2 employed
user20947	want_do	writing
user20947	like_general	fantasy
user20948	want_do	short stories
user20948	like_drink	scotch
user20948	dislike	dog
user20948	like_movie	superhero
user20949	has_age	baby boomer
user20949	misc_attribute	patriotic
user20949	has_hobby	sewing
user20950	want	children
user20950	marital_status	single
user20950	like_activity	singing
user20951	has_profession	hairdresser
user20951	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user20951	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user20951	like_general	british accents
user20952	attend_school	university
user20952	have	friends
user20952	like_music	rap
user20952	like_sports	sports
user20952	has_age	22
user20953	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20953	have_pet	1 dog
user20953	physical_attribute	short
user20953	like_food	muffins
user20954	like_read	romance
user20954	dislike	dog
user20954	live_in_general	apartment
user20954	has_age	32
user20954	want_job	chef
user20955	like_movie	movies and tv
user20955	other	homebody
user20955	like_food	ice cream
user20955	dislike	working out
user20956	favorite_music	jazz
user20956	like_sports	running
user20956	marital_status	married
user20956	like_general	vintage cars
user20956	has_profession	pediatrician
user20957	have_chidren	2 son
user20957	have_pet	fish
user20957	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20957	own	vintage decorations
user20958	favorite_season	winter
user20958	like_music	metallica
user20958	has_profession	managerial consultant
user20958	have_sibling	2 brother
user20959	live_in_general	same place
user20959	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20959	has_age	12
user20960	has_hobby	singing
user20960	other	went into the army after high school
user20960	physical_attribute	colorblind
user20960	have	allergy to dogs
user20961	school_status	student
user20961	other	studious
user20961	attend_school	university
user20961	place_origin	united states
user20962	has_profession	musician
user20962	like_read	drama
user20962	like_activity	video games
user20963	has_age	28
user20963	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user20963	like_general	internet
user20963	physical_attribute	furry
user20964	have	friends
user20964	like_activity	exploring
user20964	live_in_general	under the sea
user20964	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user20965	like_drink	water
user20965	like_goto	gym
user20965	misc_attribute	private
user20965	employed_by_general	hospital
user20966	like_activity	camping
user20966	like_food	meat
user20966	own	large stereo
user20967	attend_school	university of mississippi
user20967	like_general	the environment
user20967	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20967	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20968	has_hobby	writing
user20968	have_pet	2 cat
user20968	misc_attribute	introvert
user20968	has_profession	writer
user20969	like_food	granola
user20969	have_chidren	2 son
user20969	own	vintage decorations
user20969	attend_school	cosmetology school
user20970	has_profession	nurse
user20970	like_goto	zoo
user20970	favorite_color	green
user20970	have	large collection of bears
user20970	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user20971	like_activity	watching movies
user20971	employed_by_general	healthcare
user20971	physical_attribute	short
user20971	like_food	muffins
user20971	have_pet	1 dog
user20972	other	allergic to shellfish
user20972	has_profession	handyman
user20972	like_activity	hunting
user20972	job_status	employed
user20973	like_sports	racquetball
user20973	like_goto	restaurant
user20973	has_profession	administrative assistant
user20973	like_music	oldies
user20973	want	retirement
user20974	not_have	child
user20974	has_profession	writer
user20974	dislike	snake
user20974	attend_school	mit
user20975	like_watching	sport
user20975	have_pet	3 dog
user20975	like_food	pizza
user20975	has_profession	hairdresser
user20976	attend_school	auburn
user20976	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user20976	school_status	student
user20976	like_activity	shopping
user20977	has_profession	sales
user20977	have	friend
user20977	like_music	rush
user20977	has_hobby	graphic design
user20977	other	omnivore
user20978	want_job	fashion designer
user20978	want	children
user20978	misc_attribute	criminal
user20978	attend_school	high school
user20979	live_in_general	near mountains
user20979	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user20979	other	parents are teachers
user20979	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user20979	like_animal	all
user20980	like_activity	hunting
user20980	job_status	employed
user20980	has_hobby	vintage cars
user20980	other	allergic to shellfish
user20981	school_status	graduated
user20981	have_pet	1 cat
user20981	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user20981	has_profession	teacher
user20982	like_activity	cycling
user20982	like_general	caring for others
user20982	have_pet	2 dog
user20982	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20982	have_chidren	3 children
user20983	have_family	sibling
user20983	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user20983	has_profession	stock broker
user20984	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20984	has_profession	explorer
user20984	want_job	archaeologist
user20984	like_activity	hunting
user20984	like_general	ice
user20985	have_chidren	3 children
user20985	like_activity	cycling
user20985	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user20985	have_pet	2 dog
user20985	like_general	caring for others
user20986	other	was on the soccer team in college
user20986	like_food	candy
user20986	has_profession	secretary
user20986	other	name
user20986	school_status	graduated
user20987	live_in_general	far away island
user20987	has_profession	writer
user20987	has_hobby	writing
user20987	misc_attribute	introvert
user20987	have_pet	2 cat
user20988	has_profession	mentor
user20988	has_hobby	softball
user20988	like_food	italian cuisine
user20988	has_hobby	taekwondo
user20988	like_activity	singing
user20989	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user20989	other	do not eat sweets
user20989	favorite_show	the office
user20989	like_music	jazz
user20990	like_goto	restaurant
user20990	like_music	oldies
user20990	like_sports	racquetball
user20990	want	retirement
user20991	dislike	dog
user20991	live_in_general	apartment
user20991	has_age	32
user20991	want_job	chef
user20992	has_hobby	traveling
user20992	has_hobby	walking
user20992	own	1 large garden
user20992	has_profession	teacher
user20993	have_pet	dog
user20993	like_activity	walking
user20993	want_do	travel
user20994	like_activity	hunting
user20994	like_general	ice
user20994	has_hobby	ice fishing
user20994	has_profession	explorer
user20994	want_job	archaeologist
user20995	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user20995	has_age	34
user20995	like_general	the environment
user20995	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user20996	own	1 large garden
user20996	has_hobby	traveling
user20996	has_hobby	walking
user20996	has_hobby	traveling
user20996	has_profession	teacher
user20997	has_profession	teacher
user20997	misc_attribute	conservative
user20997	marital_status	married
user20997	like_activity	cooking
user20997	like_activity	reading
user20998	school_status	dropped out
user20998	has_hobby	running
user20998	dislike	all
user20998	live_in_general	low income housing
user20999	employed_by_general	army
user20999	place_origin	puerto rico
user20999	misc_attribute	violent
user20999	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21000	has_profession	0 singer
user21000	place_origin	south carolina
user21000	attend_school	usc
user21000	like_movie	horror
user21001	employed_by_general	warehouse
user21001	have	weights
user21001	like_activity	cooking
user21001	like_watching	horror
user21002	has_ability	cooking
user21002	have_chidren	3 children
user21002	like_animal	cat
user21002	other	feels too heavy
user21003	favorite_food	sushi
user21003	like_food	food with no animal product
user21003	<blank>	<blank>
user21003	have_family	father
user21004	has_age	20
user21004	place_origin	puerto rico
user21004	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21004	misc_attribute	violent
user21004	employed_by_general	army
user21005	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21005	have_pet	dog
user21005	live_in_general	edris island
user21005	like_activity	dance
user21006	job_status	employed
user21006	employed_by_general	shelter
user21006	like_animal	<blank>
user21006	misc_attribute	angry
user21006	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user21007	attend_school	<blank>
user21007	live_in_general	under the sea
user21007	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user21007	have	friends
user21007	like_activity	exploring
user21008	attend_school	university of mississippi
user21008	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user21008	has_age	34
user21008	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user21008	like_general	the environment
user21009	has_hobby	model building
user21009	have	computer science degree
user21009	has_hobby	video games
user21009	misc_attribute	shy
user21010	live_in_general	abroad
user21010	like_movie	titantic
user21010	favorite_hobby	model building
user21010	have_chidren	child
user21010	have_pet	dog
user21011	has_degree	nursing
user21011	like_activity	shopping
user21011	marital_status	single
user21012	live_in_general	far away island
user21012	misc_attribute	introvert
user21012	has_profession	writer
user21012	has_hobby	writing
user21013	like_movie	horror
user21013	has_profession	0 singer
user21013	attend_school	usc
user21014	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user21014	has_profession	stock broker
user21014	have_family	sibling
user21015	marital_status	married
user21015	has_hobby	cooking
user21015	want	big family
user21015	has_hobby	reading
user21016	previous_profession	carnival
user21016	dislike	dog
user21016	like_movie	superhero
user21016	like_drink	scotch
user21016	want_do	short stories
user21017	has_profession	secretary
user21017	other	name
user21017	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21017	school_status	graduated
user21018	like_food	pizza
user21018	has_profession	hairdresser
user21018	like_watching	sport
user21018	favorite	holiday
user21019	want_do	short stories
user21019	like_movie	superhero
user21019	like_drink	scotch
user21019	previous_profession	carnival
user21019	dislike	dog
user21020	have_pet	2 horse
user21020	like_music	taylor swift
user21020	live_in_general	large city
user21020	employed_by_general	grocery store
user21020	like_activity	painting
user21021	like_activity	reading
user21021	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21021	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21022	like_music	heart
user21022	place_origin	late was
user21022	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21022	marital_status	divorced
user21023	have_pet	2 cat
user21023	live_in_general	far away island
user21023	has_profession	writer
user21023	misc_attribute	introvert
user21023	has_hobby	writing
user21024	have	best friend
user21024	place_origin	north dakota
user21024	other	am jewish
user21024	has_profession	advertising
user21024	like_activity	traveling
user21025	has_hobby	working out
user21025	other	color blind
user21025	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21025	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21025	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21026	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21026	marital_status	divorced
user21026	place_origin	late was
user21026	like_music	heart
user21027	has_hobby	reading
user21027	job_status	employed
user21027	other	democrat
user21027	like_watching	<blank>
user21028	like_activity	working out
user21028	has_profession	teacher
user21028	have_vehicle	convertible
user21028	has_hobby	swimming
user21029	want	children
user21029	marital_status	single
user21029	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21029	like_activity	singing
user21030	like_activity	walking
user21030	want_do	travel
user21030	have_pet	dog
user21031	physical_attribute	short
user21031	has_hobby	projects
user21031	has_profession	artist
user21031	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21032	own	wheelchair
user21032	misc_attribute	tired
user21032	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21032	gender	male
user21032	previous_profession	military
user21033	like_music	metallica
user21033	favorite_season	winter
user21033	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21033	place_origin	wisconsin
user21034	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21034	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21034	like_activity	reading
user21035	school_status	0 graduated
user21035	have_pet	1 cat
user21035	has_hobby	board games
user21035	like_read	biographies
user21036	like_food	bacon
user21036	has_profession	engineer
user21036	dislike	insects
user21036	has_ability	speak language
user21037	dislike	water
user21037	employed_by_general	factory
user21037	like_activity	gardening
user21037	favorite_color	purple
user21038	own	large stereo
user21038	like_activity	camping
user21038	like_food	meat
user21039	has_hobby	sewing
user21039	has_hobby	walking
user21039	have_pet	cat
user21039	has_hobby	patchworking
user21040	has_hobby	traveling
user21040	has_hobby	traveling
user21040	has_profession	teacher
user21040	own	1 large garden
user21041	like_general	chrildern
user21041	has_hobby	swimming
user21041	like_activity	working out
user21041	has_profession	teacher
user21042	dislike	water
user21042	like_activity	gardening
user21042	employed_by_general	factory
user21042	favorite_color	purple
user21043	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21043	physical_attribute	furry
user21043	has_age	28
user21043	like_activity	play
user21043	like_general	internet
user21044	employed_by_company	hollister
user21044	like_food	chips
user21044	has_ability	play instrument
user21044	has_profession	skater
user21044	other	was born with a tail
user21045	like_music	john denver
user21045	has_hobby	working out
user21045	like_animal	horse
user21045	like_activity	cooking
user21045	like_animal	horse
user21046	like_music	rap
user21046	have	friends
user21046	like_sports	sports
user21046	attend_school	university
user21046	has_age	22
user21047	has_profession	advertising
user21047	have	best friend
user21047	place_origin	north dakota
user21047	other	am jewish
user21048	want	retirement
user21048	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21048	like_sports	racquetball
user21048	like_music	oldies
user21049	has_profession	stock broker
user21049	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user21049	have_family	sibling
user21050	want_do	short stories
user21050	previous_profession	carnival
user21050	like_drink	scotch
user21050	like_movie	superhero
user21051	like_general	faciiak hair
user21051	like_activity	horseback riding
user21051	misc_attribute	personable
user21051	job_status	employed
user21052	like_activity	running
user21052	like_music	ed sheeran
user21052	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21052	favorite_activity	poker
user21052	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21053	have_chidren	3 children
user21053	like_general	caring for others
user21053	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user21053	like_activity	cycling
user21053	have_pet	2 dog
user21054	like_activity	dance
user21054	have_pet	dog
user21054	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21054	live_in_general	edris island
user21055	has_hobby	vintage cars
user21055	job_status	employed
user21055	other	allergic to shellfish
user21055	like_activity	hunting
user21055	has_profession	handyman
user21056	like_music	metallica
user21056	have_sibling	2 brother
user21056	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21056	favorite_season	winter
user21056	place_origin	wisconsin
user21057	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21057	like_general	internet
user21057	physical_attribute	furry
user21057	has_age	28
user21057	like_activity	play
user21058	have_chidren	7 children
user21058	has_profession	truck driver
user21058	like_general	blue
user21058	place_origin	farm
user21058	like_read	mystery
user21059	have	computer science degree
user21059	has_hobby	model building
user21059	has_hobby	video games
user21059	misc_attribute	shy
user21060	have_sibling	3 sister
user21060	school_status	never graduated
user21060	member_of	band
user21060	like_activity	partying
user21061	want_do	go to college
user21062	like_music	oldies
user21062	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21062	like_sports	racquetball
user21062	want	retirement
user21062	like_goto	restaurant
user21063	employed_by_company	pet smart
user21063	has_profession	musician
user21063	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user21063	has_hobby	running
user21064	has_profession	accountant
user21064	own	honda civic
user21064	have_chidren	2 son
user21064	like_activity	hiking
user21064	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21065	like_activity	shopping
user21065	has_degree	nursing
user21065	other	close with my sister
user21065	marital_status	single
user21066	previous_profession	carnival
user21066	dislike	dog
user21066	like_movie	superhero
user21066	want_do	short stories
user21066	like_drink	scotch
user21067	have	allergy to dogs
user21067	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21067	other	went into the army after high school
user21068	has_hobby	video games
user21068	has_hobby	model building
user21068	have	computer science degree
user21068	misc_attribute	shy
user21069	like_activity	hiking
user21069	like_read	poetry
user21069	misc_attribute	open
user21069	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21070	live_in_general	near mountains
user21070	other	parents are teachers
user21070	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21070	like_animal	all
user21070	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21071	school_status	student
user21071	school_status	student
user21071	want	successfull
user21071	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21071	attend_school	university
user21072	like_sports	<blank>
user21072	school_status	graduated
user21072	other	used to play sport
user21072	marital_status	engaged
user21073	have_sibling	1 brother
user21073	has_profession	doctor
user21073	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21073	like_food	meat
user21074	have_family	3 family
user21074	physical_attribute	short
user21074	like_music	<blank>
user21074	school_status	student
user21075	employed_by_general	grocery store
user21075	like_activity	painting
user21075	live_in_general	large city
user21075	have_pet	2 horse
user21075	like_music	taylor swift
user21076	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21076	like_activity	play
user21076	like_general	internet
user21076	physical_attribute	furry
user21076	has_age	28
user21077	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21077	has_profession	hairdresser
user21077	like_general	british accents
user21077	marital_status	4 married
user21078	other	color blind
user21078	has_hobby	working out
user21078	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21078	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21078	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21079	other	feels too heavy
user21079	have_chidren	3 children
user21079	like_animal	cat
user21079	job_status	employed
user21080	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21080	like_activity	hiking
user21080	has_profession	accountant
user21080	have_chidren	2 son
user21081	marital_status	married
user21081	like_activity	cooking
user21081	misc_attribute	conservative
user21081	has_profession	teacher
user21082	like_general	chrildern
user21082	has_profession	teacher
user21082	has_hobby	swimming
user21082	have_vehicle	convertible
user21082	like_activity	working out
user21083	have_pet	dog
user21083	live_in_general	abroad
user21083	have_chidren	child
user21083	like_movie	titantic
user21083	favorite_hobby	model building
user21084	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21084	have_chidren	2 son
user21084	like_food	granola
user21084	own	vintage decorations
user21084	have_pet	fish
user21085	misc_attribute	introvert
user21085	live_in_general	far away island
user21085	has_profession	writer
user21085	have_pet	2 cat
user21086	like_animal	2 dog
user21086	dislike	religion
user21086	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21086	has_profession	attorney
user21086	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21087	like_activity	singing
user21087	want	children
user21087	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21088	has_ability	cooking
user21088	job_status	employed
user21088	like_animal	cat
user21088	other	feels too heavy
user21088	have_chidren	3 children
user21089	have_chidren	2 son
user21089	own	vintage decorations
user21089	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21089	like_food	granola
user21090	has_ability	build things with my hands
user21090	marital_status	divorced
user21090	gender	male
user21090	dislike	being still
user21091	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21091	like_activity	running
user21091	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21091	favorite_activity	poker
user21091	like_music	ed sheeran
user21092	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21092	want_do	go to college
user21093	has_profession	teacher
user21093	has_hobby	traveling
user21093	own	1 large garden
user21093	has_hobby	traveling
user21094	like_music	country
user21094	like_activity	cooking
user21094	job_status	disability
user21094	like_activity	knitting
user21095	physical_attribute	short
user21095	has_hobby	projects
user21095	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21095	has_profession	0 janitor
user21095	has_profession	artist
user21096	misc_attribute	personable
user21096	job_status	employed
user21096	like_general	faciiak hair
user21096	like_activity	horseback riding
user21097	like_activity	coplay
user21097	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user21097	attend_school	homeschool
user21098	other	allergic to shellfish
user21098	has_profession	handyman
user21098	job_status	employed
user21098	like_activity	hunting
user21099	employed_by_general	warehouse
user21099	have	weights
user21099	like_activity	cooking
user21099	physical_attribute	tall
user21100	like_animal	all
user21100	other	parents are teachers
user21100	live_in_general	near mountains
user21100	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21100	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21101	have	computer science degree
user21101	misc_attribute	shy
user21101	has_hobby	video games
user21102	gender	male
user21102	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21102	own	wheelchair
user21102	previous_profession	military
user21102	misc_attribute	tired
user21103	like_animal	2 dog
user21103	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21103	dislike	religion
user21103	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21103	has_profession	attorney
user21104	like_music	country
user21104	like_activity	coding
user21104	favorite_drink	iced tea
user21105	marital_status	single
user21105	has_degree	nursing
user21105	other	close with my sister
user21105	like_activity	shopping
user21106	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21106	like_sports	exercise
user21106	has_hobby	reading
user21106	has_profession	writer
user21107	like_food	meat
user21107	has_profession	doctor
user21107	have_sibling	1 brother
user21107	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21108	has_hobby	walking
user21108	have_pet	cat
user21108	previous_profession	banker
user21108	has_hobby	sewing
user21109	own	large stereo
user21109	like_activity	camping
user21109	like_food	meat
user21110	<blank>	<blank>
user21110	like_food	food with no animal product
user21110	favorite_food	sushi
user21110	have_family	father
user21111	have	allergy to dogs
user21111	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21111	other	went into the army after high school
user21111	has_hobby	singing
user21112	want_job	doctor
user21112	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user21112	attend_school	auburn
user21112	school_status	student
user21113	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21113	have_sibling	2 brother
user21113	place_origin	wisconsin
user21113	like_music	metallica
user21114	marital_status	4 married
user21114	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21114	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user21114	has_profession	hairdresser
user21115	has_profession	mentor
user21115	has_hobby	softball
user21115	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21115	like_food	italian cuisine
user21116	like_activity	hunting
user21116	has_profession	explorer
user21116	want_job	archaeologist
user21116	has_hobby	ice fishing
user21116	like_general	ice
user21117	favorite_food	sardines
user21117	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21117	have	surgery
user21117	school_status	never graduated
user21118	have	best friend
user21118	like_activity	traveling
user21118	place_origin	north dakota
user21118	has_profession	advertising
user21119	like_activity	walking
user21119	want_do	travel
user21119	have_pet	dog
user21120	attend_school	high school
user21120	want	children
user21120	want_job	fashion designer
user21121	school_status	student
user21121	like_activity	traveling
user21121	want_job	lawyer
user21122	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21122	has_hobby	projects
user21122	physical_attribute	short
user21122	has_profession	artist
user21122	has_profession	0 janitor
user21123	like_watching	<blank>
user21123	has_hobby	reading
user21123	misc_attribute	political
user21123	other	democrat
user21123	job_status	employed
user21124	has_profession	explorer
user21124	like_activity	hunting
user21124	like_general	ice
user21124	want_job	archaeologist
user21124	has_hobby	ice fishing
user21125	has_hobby	sewing
user21125	previous_profession	banker
user21125	has_hobby	patchworking
user21125	has_hobby	walking
user21125	have_pet	cat
user21126	have_pet	1 cat
user21126	has_hobby	board games
user21126	school_status	0 graduated
user21126	like_read	biographies
user21127	like_activity	video games
user21127	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21127	like_read	drama
user21127	has_profession	musician
user21128	like_activity	meet new people
user21128	have_pet	turtle
user21128	like_general	seasons
user21128	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21129	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21129	like_activity	reading
user21129	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21130	other	color blind
user21130	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21130	has_hobby	working out
user21130	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21130	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21131	favorite_drink	iced tea
user21131	has_age	young adult
user21131	like_activity	coding
user21131	like_music	country
user21132	has_age	34
user21132	like_general	the environment
user21132	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user21132	attend_school	university of mississippi
user21132	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user21133	live_in_general	apartment
user21133	like_read	romance
user21133	has_age	32
user21133	want_job	chef
user21134	marital_status	engaged
user21134	favorite_sport	soccer
user21134	school_status	graduated
user21134	other	used to play sport
user21134	like_sports	<blank>
user21135	place_origin	farm
user21135	have_chidren	7 children
user21135	like_general	blue
user21135	like_read	mystery
user21135	has_profession	truck driver
user21136	live_in_general	low income housing
user21136	has_hobby	running
user21136	employed_by_general	fast food
user21136	dislike	all
user21136	school_status	dropped out
user21137	gender	male
user21137	dislike	being still
user21137	marital_status	divorced
user21137	has_ability	build things with my hands
user21137	has_age	40
user21138	other	color blind
user21138	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21138	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21138	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21139	want_do	go to college
user21139	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21140	dislike	environment
user21140	like_activity	sewing
user21140	have_pet	1 cat
user21141	other	vegan
user21141	like_music	country
user21141	like_activity	cooking
user21141	like_activity	knitting
user21141	job_status	disability
user21142	own	honda civic
user21142	like_activity	hiking
user21142	have_chidren	2 son
user21142	has_profession	accountant
user21142	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21143	have_chidren	3 children
user21143	like_animal	cat
user21143	has_ability	cooking
user21143	other	feels too heavy
user21143	job_status	employed
user21144	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21144	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21144	other	color blind
user21144	has_hobby	working out
user21145	employed_by_general	fast food
user21145	school_status	dropped out
user21145	has_hobby	running
user21145	dislike	all
user21145	live_in_general	low income housing
user21146	want_do	travel
user21146	like_activity	walking
user21146	like_read	travel
user21146	have_pet	dog
user21147	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user21147	like_activity	cycling
user21147	like_general	caring for others
user21147	have_chidren	3 children
user21148	like_activity	singing
user21148	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21148	marital_status	single
user21148	want	children
user21149	dislike	father
user21149	dislike	cat
user21149	has_profession	nurse
user21149	like_food	onion
user21150	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21150	place_origin	late was
user21150	like_music	heart
user21150	marital_status	divorced
user21151	has_profession	secretary
user21151	like_food	candy
user21151	school_status	graduated
user21151	other	name
user21152	want	children
user21152	want_job	fashion designer
user21152	attend_school	high school
user21153	place_origin	late was
user21153	like_music	heart
user21153	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21153	marital_status	divorced
user21154	school_status	student
user21154	like_music	<blank>
user21154	physical_attribute	short
user21154	have_family	3 family
user21155	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21155	like_music	ed sheeran
user21155	like_activity	running
user21155	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21155	favorite_activity	poker
user21156	misc_attribute	lonely
user21156	has_ability	carpenter
user21156	marital_status	married
user21156	has_hobby	poker
user21157	physical_attribute	short
user21157	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21157	like_activity	watching movies
user21157	have_pet	1 dog
user21158	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21158	like_read	poetry
user21158	misc_attribute	open
user21158	want_do	draw
user21158	like_activity	hiking
user21159	want	children
user21159	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21159	like_activity	singing
user21160	own	honda civic
user21160	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21160	like_activity	hiking
user21160	have_chidren	2 son
user21160	has_profession	accountant
user21161	like_read	biographies
user21161	school_status	0 graduated
user21161	have_pet	1 cat
user21161	has_hobby	board games
user21162	has_profession	explorer
user21162	like_general	ice
user21162	like_activity	hunting
user21162	want_job	archaeologist
user21162	has_hobby	ice fishing
user21163	favorite	holiday
user21163	has_profession	hairdresser
user21163	have_pet	3 dog
user21163	like_food	pizza
user21164	has_profession	writer
user21164	has_hobby	writing
user21164	misc_attribute	introvert
user21164	have_pet	2 cat
user21165	has_profession	teacher
user21165	like_general	chrildern
user21165	like_activity	working out
user21165	has_hobby	swimming
user21165	have_vehicle	convertible
user21166	like_activity	surf
user21166	other	"cant sing well"
user21166	place_origin	california
user21166	has_profession	actor
user21166	want	moving to new york next year
user21167	like_general	fantasy
user21167	want_do	writing
user21167	member_of	<blank>
user21167	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user21168	school_status	dropped out
user21168	has_hobby	running
user21168	live_in_general	low income housing
user21168	employed_by_general	fast food
user21168	dislike	all
user21169	misc_attribute	shy
user21169	have	computer science degree
user21169	has_hobby	model building
user21170	has_age	12
user21170	like_general	roller coasters
user21170	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21170	live_in_general	same place
user21171	has_hobby	swimming
user21171	like_general	chrildern
user21171	like_activity	working out
user21171	have_vehicle	convertible
user21172	have	computer science degree
user21172	has_hobby	video games
user21172	misc_attribute	shy
user21172	has_hobby	model building
user21173	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21173	like_activity	watching movies
user21173	physical_attribute	short
user21173	like_food	muffins
user21174	has_hobby	model building
user21174	has_hobby	video games
user21174	have	computer science degree
user21175	has_age	34
user21175	like_general	the environment
user21175	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user21175	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user21175	attend_school	university of mississippi
user21176	like_food	muffins
user21176	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21176	physical_attribute	short
user21176	have_pet	1 dog
user21176	like_activity	watching movies
user21177	like_general	internet
user21177	has_age	28
user21177	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21177	physical_attribute	furry
user21177	like_activity	play
user21178	like_read	mystery
user21178	have_chidren	7 children
user21178	place_origin	farm
user21178	has_profession	truck driver
user21178	like_general	blue
user21179	other	transgender
user21179	like_music	pink floyd
user21179	attend_school	middle school
user21179	want_job	actor
user21179	like_animal	dog
user21180	misc_attribute	criminal
user21180	attend_school	high school
user21180	want	children
user21180	want_job	fashion designer
user21181	has_hobby	sewing
user21181	misc_attribute	patriotic
user21181	has_age	baby boomer
user21182	like_read	mystery
user21182	have_chidren	7 children
user21182	like_general	blue
user21182	has_profession	truck driver
user21182	place_origin	farm
user21183	want_do	go to college
user21183	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21184	has_profession	artist
user21184	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21184	physical_attribute	short
user21184	has_profession	0 janitor
user21185	like_read	poetry
user21185	like_activity	hiking
user21185	misc_attribute	open
user21185	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21186	have_pet	2 cat
user21186	has_hobby	writing
user21186	misc_attribute	introvert
user21186	has_profession	writer
user21187	employed_by_general	factory
user21187	like_activity	gardening
user21187	favorite_color	purple
user21187	dislike	water
user21188	has_hobby	walking
user21188	own	1 large garden
user21188	has_profession	teacher
user21188	has_hobby	traveling
user21188	has_hobby	traveling
user21189	attend_school	high school
user21189	misc_attribute	criminal
user21189	want_job	fashion designer
user21190	other	diet
user21190	like_goto	beach
user21190	own	new nails
user21191	employed_by_general	grocery store
user21191	have_pet	2 horse
user21191	like_activity	painting
user21191	live_in_general	large city
user21191	like_music	taylor swift
user21192	marital_status	married
user21192	has_hobby	cooking
user21192	has_hobby	reading
user21192	want	big family
user21193	misc_attribute	private
user21193	like_drink	water
user21193	other	do not want children
user21193	like_goto	gym
user21193	employed_by_general	hospital
user21194	dislike	insects
user21194	has_ability	speak language
user21194	favorite_music	bach
user21194	has_profession	engineer
user21195	like_movie	movies and tv
user21195	marital_status	married
user21195	dislike	working out
user21195	other	homebody
user21196	has_age	baby boomer
user21196	misc_attribute	patriotic
user21196	has_hobby	sewing
user21197	other	do not eat sweets
user21197	favorite_show	the office
user21197	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21197	other	jewish
user21198	have_vehicle	convertible
user21198	like_activity	working out
user21198	has_profession	teacher
user21198	has_hobby	swimming
user21199	like_activity	partying
user21199	have_sibling	3 sister
user21199	member_of	band
user21199	school_status	never graduated
user21200	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21200	own	honda civic
user21200	has_profession	accountant
user21200	have_chidren	2 son
user21200	like_activity	hiking
user21201	own	3 guns
user21201	like_goto	church
user21201	misc_attribute	conservative
user21202	like_movie	titantic
user21202	live_in_general	abroad
user21202	have_chidren	child
user21202	have_pet	dog
user21202	favorite_hobby	model building
user21203	want_job	archaeologist
user21203	has_hobby	ice fishing
user21203	like_general	ice
user21203	like_activity	hunting
user21203	has_profession	explorer
user21204	place_origin	south carolina
user21204	attend_school	usc
user21204	like_movie	horror
user21204	has_profession	0 singer
user21205	has_profession	hairdresser
user21205	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user21205	marital_status	4 married
user21205	like_general	british accents
user21205	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21206	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21206	has_profession	nurse
user21206	favorite_color	green
user21206	have	large collection of bears
user21207	has_profession	musician
user21207	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21207	like_activity	video games
user21207	like_read	drama
user21208	favorite_food	sushi
user21208	like_food	food with no animal product
user21208	<blank>	<blank>
user21208	have_family	father
user21208	<blank>	<blank>
user21209	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21209	school_status	student
user21209	school_status	student
user21209	attend_school	university
user21209	want	successfull
user21210	like_activity	dancing
user21210	have	sweet tooth
user21210	like_activity	photography
user21210	has_profession	dog trainer
user21211	has_hobby	board games
user21211	like_read	biographies
user21211	school_status	0 graduated
user21211	have_pet	1 cat
user21212	has_degree	nursing
user21212	other	close with my sister
user21212	like_activity	shopping
user21212	marital_status	single
user21213	like_activity	sewing
user21213	have_pet	1 cat
user21213	like_activity	singing
user21214	have_sibling	2 brother
user21214	like_music	metallica
user21214	place_origin	wisconsin
user21214	favorite_season	winter
user21214	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21215	have_pet	turtle
user21215	like_activity	meet new people
user21215	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21215	like_general	seasons
user21216	dislike	religion
user21216	like_animal	2 dog
user21216	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21216	has_profession	attorney
user21216	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21217	has_profession	artist
user21217	has_hobby	projects
user21217	physical_attribute	short
user21217	has_profession	0 janitor
user21217	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21218	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21218	like_goto	restaurant
user21218	want	retirement
user21218	like_sports	racquetball
user21218	like_music	oldies
user21219	like_animal	all
user21219	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21219	live_in_general	near mountains
user21219	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21219	other	parents are teachers
user21220	has_degree	nursing
user21220	like_activity	shopping
user21220	other	close with my sister
user21220	marital_status	single
user21221	like_activity	watching movies
user21221	like_food	muffins
user21221	physical_attribute	short
user21221	have_pet	1 dog
user21221	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21222	like_music	oldies
user21222	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21222	like_goto	restaurant
user21222	like_sports	racquetball
user21223	attend_school	mit
user21223	dislike	snake
user21223	not_have	child
user21224	like_food	pizza
user21224	has_profession	hairdresser
user21224	favorite	holiday
user21224	have_pet	3 dog
user21224	like_watching	sport
user21225	like_activity	sewing
user21225	dislike	environment
user21225	have_pet	1 cat
user21226	dislike	father
user21226	has_profession	nurse
user21226	like_food	onion
user21226	dislike	cat
user21226	job_status	employed
user21227	like_sports	racquetball
user21227	like_music	oldies
user21227	want	retirement
user21227	like_goto	restaurant
user21227	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21228	has_hobby	working out
user21228	like_music	john denver
user21228	like_animal	horse
user21228	like_animal	horse
user21229	has_profession	actor
user21229	like_activity	surf
user21229	place_origin	california
user21229	other	"cant sing well"
user21229	want	moving to new york next year
user21230	has_profession	pediatrician
user21230	like_general	vintage cars
user21230	marital_status	married
user21230	favorite_music	jazz
user21231	like_music	country
user21231	has_age	young adult
user21231	favorite_drink	iced tea
user21231	like_activity	coding
user21232	have_pet	cat
user21232	previous_profession	banker
user21232	has_hobby	sewing
user21232	has_hobby	walking
user21232	has_hobby	patchworking
user21233	like_activity	singing
user21233	has_profession	mentor
user21233	has_hobby	softball
user21233	like_food	italian cuisine
user21234	favorite	holiday
user21234	like_watching	sport
user21234	like_food	pizza
user21234	has_profession	hairdresser
user21235	marital_status	divorced
user21235	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21235	like_music	heart
user21235	place_origin	late was
user21236	marital_status	married
user21236	has_ability	carpenter
user21236	has_hobby	poker
user21236	has_hobby	used to drink
user21237	like_music	rush
user21237	other	omnivore
user21237	has_profession	sales
user21237	have	friend
user21237	has_hobby	graphic design
user21238	like_animal	dog
user21238	other	transgender
user21238	attend_school	middle school
user21238	like_music	pink floyd
user21238	want_job	actor
user21239	like_goto	church
user21239	own	3 guns
user21239	misc_attribute	conservative
user21240	has_profession	advertising
user21240	like_activity	traveling
user21240	other	am jewish
user21240	have	best friend
user21241	like_activity	hunting
user21241	has_hobby	ice fishing
user21241	like_general	ice
user21241	has_profession	explorer
user21242	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21242	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21242	has_profession	attorney
user21242	dislike	religion
user21243	employed_by_general	warehouse
user21243	like_watching	horror
user21243	like_activity	cooking
user21243	physical_attribute	tall
user21243	have	weights
user21244	like_music	ed sheeran
user21244	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21244	like_activity	running
user21244	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21245	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21245	other	went into the army after high school
user21245	have	allergy to dogs
user21245	has_hobby	singing
user21246	want_job	chef
user21246	dislike	dog
user21246	like_read	romance
user21246	live_in_general	apartment
user21246	has_age	32
user21247	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21247	place_origin	late was
user21247	marital_status	divorced
user21247	like_music	heart
user21248	has_hobby	video games
user21248	have	computer science degree
user21248	has_hobby	model building
user21248	misc_attribute	shy
user21249	like_activity	cooking
user21249	has_profession	teacher
user21249	marital_status	married
user21249	like_activity	reading
user21249	misc_attribute	conservative
user21250	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21250	have_sibling	1 brother
user21250	like_food	meat
user21251	want	children
user21251	attend_school	high school
user21251	misc_attribute	criminal
user21251	want_job	fashion designer
user21252	job_status	2 employed
user21252	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user21252	like_general	fantasy
user21252	want_do	writing
user21252	member_of	<blank>
user21253	other	jewish
user21253	favorite_show	the office
user21253	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21253	other	do not eat sweets
user21253	like_music	jazz
user21254	like_activity	cooking
user21254	employed_by_general	warehouse
user21254	have	weights
user21254	physical_attribute	tall
user21255	place_origin	late was
user21255	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21255	like_music	heart
user21256	physical_attribute	tall
user21256	like_activity	cooking
user21256	have	weights
user21256	like_watching	horror
user21257	has_profession	nurse
user21257	job_status	employed
user21257	dislike	father
user21257	dislike	cat
user21257	like_food	onion
user21258	employed_by_general	fast food
user21258	live_in_general	low income housing
user21258	school_status	dropped out
user21258	dislike	all
user21258	has_hobby	running
user21259	has_age	12
user21259	live_in_general	same place
user21259	like_general	roller coasters
user21259	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21260	like_music	pink floyd
user21260	like_animal	dog
user21260	want_job	actor
user21260	other	transgender
user21261	other	jewish
user21261	other	do not eat sweets
user21261	like_music	jazz
user21261	favorite_show	the office
user21262	have_pet	dog
user21262	want_do	travel
user21262	like_activity	walking
user21262	like_read	travel
user21263	misc_attribute	conservative
user21263	like_goto	church
user21263	own	3 guns
user21263	have_vehicle	ford
user21264	marital_status	married
user21264	like_activity	reading
user21264	like_activity	cooking
user21264	has_profession	teacher
user21265	misc_attribute	introvert
user21265	live_in_general	far away island
user21265	have_pet	2 cat
user21265	has_profession	writer
user21265	has_hobby	writing
user21266	want_do	go to college
user21266	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21267	has_ability	build things with my hands
user21267	has_age	40
user21267	marital_status	divorced
user21267	gender	male
user21267	dislike	being still
user21268	like_activity	reading
user21268	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21269	want	big family
user21269	has_hobby	reading
user21269	has_hobby	cooking
user21269	marital_status	married
user21270	misc_attribute	political
user21270	other	democrat
user21270	job_status	employed
user21270	has_hobby	reading
user21271	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user21271	attend_school	homeschool
user21271	physical_attribute	blue hair
user21272	favorite_music	jazz
user21272	like_sports	running
user21272	like_general	vintage cars
user21272	has_profession	pediatrician
user21273	misc_attribute	tired
user21273	own	wheelchair
user21273	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21273	previous_profession	military
user21273	gender	male
user21274	other	diet
user21274	own	new nails
user21274	favorite_animal	horse
user21274	like_goto	beach
user21275	have_pet	cat
user21275	has_hobby	patchworking
user21275	previous_profession	banker
user21275	has_hobby	walking
user21275	has_hobby	sewing
user21276	has_hobby	traveling
user21276	has_profession	teacher
user21276	own	1 large garden
user21276	has_hobby	walking
user21276	has_hobby	traveling
user21277	has_profession	0 singer
user21277	like_movie	horror
user21277	place_origin	south carolina
user21277	attend_school	usc
user21278	have	sweet tooth
user21278	has_profession	dog trainer
user21278	like_activity	photography
user21278	like_activity	dancing
user21279	like_music	heart
user21279	place_origin	late was
user21279	marital_status	divorced
user21280	has_hobby	model building
user21280	have	computer science degree
user21280	misc_attribute	shy
user21281	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21281	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21281	like_activity	reading
user21282	other	vegan
user21282	job_status	disability
user21282	like_activity	cooking
user21282	like_music	country
user21283	has_profession	hairdresser
user21283	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user21283	like_general	british accents
user21283	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21284	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user21284	have_pet	2 dog
user21284	like_activity	cycling
user21284	have_chidren	3 children
user21284	like_general	caring for others
user21285	have_family	3 family
user21285	physical_attribute	short
user21285	like_music	<blank>
user21285	school_status	student
user21286	favorite_hobby	model building
user21286	live_in_general	abroad
user21286	like_movie	titantic
user21286	have_pet	dog
user21286	have_chidren	child
user21287	attend_school	university
user21287	school_status	student
user21287	school_status	student
user21287	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21288	school_status	never graduated
user21288	have_sibling	3 sister
user21288	member_of	band
user21289	like_activity	dance
user21289	have_pet	dog
user21289	live_in_general	edris island
user21289	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21290	has_hobby	reading
user21290	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21290	own	dieting business
user21290	like_sports	exercise
user21291	has_hobby	running
user21291	has_profession	musician
user21291	employed_by_company	pet smart
user21291	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user21292	has_hobby	running
user21292	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user21292	has_profession	musician
user21293	not_have	child
user21293	dislike	snake
user21293	has_profession	writer
user21294	like_drink	scotch
user21294	dislike	dog
user21294	previous_profession	carnival
user21294	like_movie	superhero
user21294	want_do	short stories
user21295	has_hobby	graphic design
user21295	have	friend
user21295	other	omnivore
user21295	like_music	rush
user21295	has_profession	sales
user21296	have	surgery
user21296	school_status	never graduated
user21296	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21296	have_pet	2 dog
user21296	favorite_food	sardines
user21297	like_activity	sewing
user21297	dislike	environment
user21297	have_pet	1 cat
user21298	like_activity	camping
user21298	like_food	meat
user21298	own	large stereo
user21299	marital_status	divorced
user21299	place_origin	late was
user21299	like_music	heart
user21300	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21300	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21300	like_music	ed sheeran
user21300	like_activity	running
user21300	favorite_activity	poker
user21301	live_in_general	very small town
user21301	other	allergies
user21301	like_general	early morning
user21301	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21301	teach	their child
user21302	like_music	country
user21302	has_age	young adult
user21302	like_activity	coding
user21302	favorite_drink	iced tea
user21303	other	democrat
user21303	misc_attribute	political
user21303	job_status	employed
user21303	has_hobby	reading
user21304	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21304	marital_status	divorced
user21304	like_music	heart
user21304	place_origin	late was
user21305	has_hobby	reading
user21305	job_status	employed
user21305	like_watching	<blank>
user21305	misc_attribute	political
user21305	other	democrat
user21306	like_activity	horseback riding
user21306	misc_attribute	personable
user21306	like_general	faciiak hair
user21307	place_origin	united states
user21307	other	studious
user21307	want_job	scientist
user21307	attend_school	university
user21308	dislike	water
user21308	employed_by_general	factory
user21308	favorite_color	purple
user21308	like_activity	gardening
user21309	like_food	meat
user21309	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21309	have_sibling	1 brother
user21310	has_profession	nurse
user21310	have	large collection of bears
user21310	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21310	favorite_color	green
user21311	own	3 guns
user21311	like_goto	church
user21311	have_vehicle	ford
user21311	misc_attribute	conservative
user21312	own	house
user21312	like_activity	dancing
user21312	like_activity	photography
user21312	have	sweet tooth
user21312	has_profession	dog trainer
user21313	own	3 guns
user21313	misc_attribute	conservative
user21313	like_goto	church
user21313	have_vehicle	ford
user21314	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21314	has_profession	barista
user21314	like_music	guitar
user21314	have	tattoos
user21315	dislike	religion
user21315	like_animal	2 dog
user21315	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21315	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21316	other	homebody
user21316	like_food	ice cream
user21316	dislike	working out
user21316	marital_status	married
user21317	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21317	have	tattoos
user21317	like_music	guitar
user21318	like_watching	<blank>
user21318	other	democrat
user21318	has_hobby	reading
user21318	misc_attribute	political
user21319	like_activity	video games
user21319	has_profession	musician
user21319	like_read	drama
user21319	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21320	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21320	want_do	go to college
user21321	previous_profession	military
user21321	misc_attribute	tired
user21321	gender	male
user21321	own	wheelchair
user21321	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21322	has_profession	writer
user21322	dislike	snake
user21322	not_have	child
user21322	attend_school	mit
user21323	like_activity	hiking
user21323	like_read	poetry
user21323	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21323	want_do	draw
user21324	dislike	water
user21324	like_activity	gardening
user21324	favorite_color	purple
user21325	like_activity	coding
user21325	has_age	young adult
user21325	favorite_drink	iced tea
user21326	like_activity	photography
user21326	own	house
user21326	has_profession	dog trainer
user21326	have	sweet tooth
user21327	dislike	insects
user21327	like_food	bacon
user21327	has_ability	speak language
user21327	favorite_music	bach
user21327	has_profession	engineer
user21328	favorite_show	the office
user21328	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21328	like_music	jazz
user21328	other	do not eat sweets
user21329	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21329	like_read	drama
user21329	like_activity	video games
user21329	has_profession	musician
user21330	job_status	employed
user21330	employed_by_general	shelter
user21330	like_animal	<blank>
user21330	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user21331	like_food	ice cream
user21331	dislike	working out
user21331	like_movie	movies and tv
user21331	other	homebody
user21331	marital_status	married
user21332	employed_by_general	fast food
user21332	has_hobby	running
user21332	school_status	dropped out
user21332	live_in_general	low income housing
user21332	dislike	all
user21333	has_age	20
user21333	employed_by_general	army
user21333	misc_attribute	violent
user21333	place_origin	puerto rico
user21333	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21334	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user21334	has_profession	stock broker
user21335	want_job	lawyer
user21335	like_activity	traveling
user21335	school_status	student
user21335	have_pet	dog
user21336	marital_status	married
user21336	like_food	ice cream
user21336	like_movie	movies and tv
user21336	other	homebody
user21337	has_hobby	poker
user21337	marital_status	married
user21337	misc_attribute	lonely
user21337	has_ability	carpenter
user21337	has_hobby	used to drink
user21338	like_food	meat
user21338	own	large stereo
user21338	like_activity	camping
user21339	physical_attribute	short
user21339	has_profession	artist
user21339	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21339	has_hobby	projects
user21340	live_in_general	edris island
user21340	like_activity	dance
user21340	have_pet	dog
user21341	have_pet	cat
user21341	has_hobby	patchworking
user21341	previous_profession	banker
user21341	has_hobby	walking
user21341	has_hobby	sewing
user21342	want	children
user21342	attend_school	high school
user21342	want_job	fashion designer
user21342	misc_attribute	criminal
user21343	attend_school	university
user21343	like_music	rap
user21343	like_sports	sports
user21343	has_age	22
user21343	have	friends
user21344	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21344	like_activity	hiking
user21344	own	honda civic
user21344	have_chidren	2 son
user21344	has_profession	accountant
user21345	have	allergy to dogs
user21345	has_hobby	singing
user21345	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21345	other	went into the army after high school
user21346	has_profession	pediatrician
user21346	marital_status	married
user21346	like_sports	running
user21346	like_general	vintage cars
user21347	job_status	employed
user21347	dislike	father
user21347	has_profession	nurse
user21347	dislike	cat
user21348	like_music	rush
user21348	have	friend
user21348	other	omnivore
user21348	has_profession	sales
user21349	have_pet	dog
user21349	like_activity	walking
user21349	like_read	travel
user21349	want_do	travel
user21350	attend_school	usc
user21350	like_movie	horror
user21350	has_profession	0 singer
user21350	place_origin	south carolina
user21351	dislike	religion
user21351	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21351	has_profession	attorney
user21351	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21351	like_animal	2 dog
user21352	has_age	32
user21352	dislike	dog
user21352	live_in_general	apartment
user21352	like_read	romance
user21353	favorite_food	sardines
user21353	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21353	school_status	never graduated
user21353	have_pet	2 dog
user21354	like_music	john denver
user21354	like_animal	horse
user21354	like_animal	horse
user21354	like_activity	cooking
user21354	has_hobby	working out
user21355	live_in_general	far away island
user21355	has_profession	writer
user21355	have_pet	2 cat
user21355	has_hobby	writing
user21356	has_hobby	sewing
user21356	has_hobby	patchworking
user21356	have_pet	cat
user21356	previous_profession	banker
user21357	like_activity	shopping
user21357	attend_school	auburn
user21357	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user21357	school_status	student
user21357	want_job	doctor
user21358	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21358	like_general	internet
user21358	like_activity	play
user21358	physical_attribute	furry
user21359	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21359	other	color blind
user21359	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21359	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21359	has_hobby	working out
user21360	has_profession	dog trainer
user21360	own	house
user21360	have	sweet tooth
user21360	like_activity	photography
user21360	like_activity	dancing
user21361	like_activity	video games
user21361	like_read	drama
user21361	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21361	has_profession	musician
user21362	like_read	biographies
user21362	has_hobby	board games
user21362	school_status	0 graduated
user21362	have_pet	1 cat
user21363	has_hobby	patchworking
user21363	has_hobby	sewing
user21363	have_pet	cat
user21363	has_hobby	walking
user21364	marital_status	married
user21364	dislike	working out
user21364	like_movie	movies and tv
user21364	other	homebody
user21365	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user21365	have_chidren	3 children
user21365	like_general	caring for others
user21365	like_activity	cycling
user21365	have_pet	2 dog
user21366	like_music	john denver
user21366	like_activity	cooking
user21366	like_animal	horse
user21366	has_hobby	working out
user21366	like_animal	horse
user21367	school_status	never graduated
user21367	have	surgery
user21367	favorite_food	sardines
user21367	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21367	have_pet	2 dog
user21368	has_hobby	writing
user21368	misc_attribute	introvert
user21368	live_in_general	far away island
user21368	has_profession	writer
user21369	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21369	favorite_show	the office
user21369	other	do not eat sweets
user21369	other	jewish
user21370	<blank>	<blank>
user21370	favorite_food	sushi
user21370	like_food	food with no animal product
user21370	have_family	father
user21370	<blank>	<blank>
user21371	dislike	dog
user21371	like_read	romance
user21371	want_job	chef
user21371	live_in_general	apartment
user21371	has_age	32
user21372	like_food	meat
user21372	like_activity	camping
user21372	own	large stereo
user21373	other	name
user21373	school_status	graduated
user21373	like_food	candy
user21373	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21373	has_profession	secretary
user21374	want_job	chef
user21374	dislike	dog
user21374	like_read	romance
user21374	has_age	32
user21375	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21375	have_pet	2 dog
user21375	school_status	never graduated
user21375	have	surgery
user21375	favorite_food	sardines
user21376	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21376	like_music	heart
user21376	place_origin	late was
user21377	school_status	student
user21377	school_status	student
user21377	want	successfull
user21377	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21378	like_activity	traveling
user21378	school_status	student
user21378	have_pet	dog
user21379	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21379	like_activity	play
user21379	like_general	internet
user21379	has_age	28
user21379	physical_attribute	furry
user21380	other	omnivore
user21380	like_music	rush
user21380	has_profession	sales
user21380	have	friend
user21380	has_hobby	graphic design
user21381	marital_status	married
user21381	has_hobby	cooking
user21381	has_hobby	reading
user21381	want	big family
user21382	dislike	religion
user21382	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21382	like_animal	2 dog
user21382	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21382	has_profession	attorney
user21383	school_status	dropped out
user21383	has_hobby	running
user21383	live_in_general	low income housing
user21383	employed_by_general	fast food
user21384	live_in_general	very small town
user21384	teach	their child
user21384	other	allergies
user21384	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21384	like_general	early morning
user21385	attend_school	university
user21385	want_job	scientist
user21385	place_origin	united states
user21385	school_status	student
user21386	like_sports	sports
user21386	has_age	22
user21386	have	friends
user21386	attend_school	university
user21386	like_music	rap
user21387	misc_attribute	tired
user21387	gender	male
user21387	own	wheelchair
user21387	previous_profession	military
user21388	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21388	misc_attribute	open
user21388	like_read	poetry
user21388	want_do	draw
user21388	like_activity	hiking
user21389	like_music	guitar
user21389	have	tattoos
user21389	has_profession	barista
user21389	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21390	like_music	guitar
user21390	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21390	have	tattoos
user21390	has_profession	barista
user21391	like_activity	watching movies
user21391	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21391	physical_attribute	short
user21391	have_pet	1 dog
user21391	like_food	muffins
user21392	live_in_general	low income housing
user21392	employed_by_general	fast food
user21392	school_status	dropped out
user21392	dislike	all
user21393	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21393	have	allergy to dogs
user21393	other	went into the army after high school
user21394	have_sibling	2 brother
user21394	place_origin	wisconsin
user21394	like_music	metallica
user21394	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21394	favorite_season	winter
user21395	want_job	chef
user21395	live_in_general	apartment
user21395	dislike	dog
user21395	has_age	32
user21395	like_read	romance
user21396	live_in_general	large city
user21396	have_pet	2 horse
user21396	employed_by_general	grocery store
user21396	like_music	taylor swift
user21397	like_watching	<blank>
user21397	misc_attribute	political
user21397	job_status	employed
user21397	other	democrat
user21397	has_hobby	reading
user21398	want_job	chef
user21398	live_in_general	apartment
user21398	dislike	dog
user21398	like_read	romance
user21399	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21399	want_do	go to college
user21400	like_food	candy
user21400	has_profession	secretary
user21400	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21400	school_status	graduated
user21400	other	name
user21401	has_hobby	softball
user21401	like_activity	singing
user21401	has_profession	mentor
user21401	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21402	misc_attribute	violent
user21402	place_origin	puerto rico
user21402	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21402	has_age	20
user21402	employed_by_general	army
user21403	has_hobby	video games
user21403	have	computer science degree
user21403	misc_attribute	shy
user21404	dislike	water
user21404	employed_by_general	factory
user21404	like_activity	gardening
user21405	like_activity	dancing
user21405	has_profession	dog trainer
user21405	have	sweet tooth
user21405	own	house
user21406	like_movie	superhero
user21406	like_drink	scotch
user21406	dislike	dog
user21406	previous_profession	carnival
user21407	like_watching	horror
user21407	have	weights
user21407	like_activity	cooking
user21407	employed_by_general	warehouse
user21408	like_animal	<blank>
user21408	misc_attribute	angry
user21408	employed_by_general	shelter
user21408	job_status	employed
user21408	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user21409	want_do	go to college
user21409	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21410	place_origin	north dakota
user21410	has_profession	advertising
user21410	have	best friend
user21410	like_activity	traveling
user21410	other	am jewish
user21411	has_hobby	walking
user21411	has_hobby	traveling
user21411	has_profession	teacher
user21411	own	1 large garden
user21412	misc_attribute	conservative
user21412	like_goto	church
user21412	own	3 guns
user21412	have_vehicle	ford
user21413	attend_school	homeschool
user21413	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user21413	physical_attribute	blue hair
user21413	like_activity	coplay
user21414	school_status	student
user21414	want_job	lawyer
user21414	have_pet	dog
user21414	like_activity	traveling
user21415	want_do	travel
user21415	have_pet	dog
user21415	like_read	travel
user21415	like_activity	walking
user21416	has_age	22
user21416	like_sports	sports
user21416	like_music	rap
user21416	attend_school	university
user21416	have	friends
user21417	want	children
user21417	misc_attribute	criminal
user21417	attend_school	high school
user21417	want_job	fashion designer
user21418	misc_attribute	political
user21418	like_watching	<blank>
user21418	job_status	employed
user21418	has_hobby	reading
user21419	has_profession	teacher
user21419	like_general	chrildern
user21419	like_activity	working out
user21419	has_hobby	swimming
user21419	have_vehicle	convertible
user21420	like_activity	horseback riding
user21420	misc_attribute	personable
user21420	like_general	faciiak hair
user21421	has_profession	actor
user21421	want	moving to new york next year
user21421	other	"cant sing well"
user21421	like_activity	surf
user21422	not_have	child
user21422	attend_school	mit
user21422	dislike	snake
user21423	has_hobby	board games
user21423	like_read	biographies
user21423	have_pet	1 cat
user21424	other	feels too heavy
user21424	have_chidren	3 children
user21424	job_status	employed
user21424	has_ability	cooking
user21425	like_read	mystery
user21425	place_origin	farm
user21425	has_profession	truck driver
user21425	like_general	blue
user21425	have_chidren	7 children
user21426	have	surgery
user21426	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21426	have_pet	2 dog
user21426	favorite_food	sardines
user21426	school_status	never graduated
user21427	other	vegan
user21427	like_music	country
user21427	job_status	disability
user21427	like_activity	cooking
user21427	like_activity	knitting
user21428	member_of	band
user21428	like_activity	partying
user21428	have_sibling	3 sister
user21428	school_status	never graduated
user21429	like_general	early morning
user21429	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21429	other	allergies
user21429	live_in_general	very small town
user21430	have	sweet tooth
user21430	has_profession	dog trainer
user21430	like_activity	dancing
user21430	own	house
user21430	like_activity	photography
user21431	dislike	environment
user21431	like_activity	singing
user21431	like_activity	sewing
user21432	has_hobby	patchworking
user21432	previous_profession	banker
user21432	has_hobby	sewing
user21432	has_hobby	walking
user21433	want	children
user21433	want_job	fashion designer
user21433	attend_school	high school
user21433	misc_attribute	criminal
user21434	physical_attribute	short
user21434	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21434	has_profession	0 janitor
user21434	has_profession	artist
user21435	has_hobby	board games
user21435	school_status	0 graduated
user21435	like_read	biographies
user21435	have_pet	1 cat
user21436	other	name
user21436	school_status	graduated
user21436	has_profession	secretary
user21436	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21436	like_food	candy
user21437	like_food	granola
user21437	own	vintage decorations
user21437	have_chidren	2 son
user21437	have_pet	fish
user21437	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21438	like_activity	watching movies
user21438	have_pet	1 dog
user21438	physical_attribute	short
user21438	like_food	muffins
user21439	have_pet	2 dog
user21439	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user21439	have_chidren	3 children
user21439	like_activity	cycling
user21440	has_profession	nurse
user21440	have	large collection of bears
user21440	favorite_color	green
user21440	like_goto	zoo
user21441	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user21441	has_hobby	running
user21441	employed_by_company	pet smart
user21441	has_profession	musician
user21442	has_hobby	board games
user21442	school_status	0 graduated
user21442	have_pet	1 cat
user21442	like_read	biographies
user21443	other	homebody
user21443	like_food	ice cream
user21443	like_movie	movies and tv
user21443	marital_status	married
user21443	dislike	working out
user21444	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21444	has_profession	hairdresser
user21444	like_general	british accents
user21444	marital_status	4 married
user21444	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user21445	live_in_general	far away island
user21445	misc_attribute	introvert
user21445	has_hobby	writing
user21445	has_profession	writer
user21445	have_pet	2 cat
user21446	have_sibling	1 brother
user21446	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21446	has_profession	doctor
user21446	like_food	meat
user21447	has_profession	writer
user21447	have_pet	2 cat
user21447	misc_attribute	introvert
user21447	has_hobby	writing
user21447	live_in_general	far away island
user21448	has_hobby	sewing
user21448	has_hobby	patchworking
user21448	have_pet	cat
user21448	has_hobby	walking
user21449	misc_attribute	criminal
user21449	want	children
user21449	want_job	fashion designer
user21449	attend_school	high school
user21450	favorite_season	winter
user21450	like_music	metallica
user21450	place_origin	wisconsin
user21450	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21451	has_hobby	singing
user21451	have	allergy to dogs
user21451	other	went into the army after high school
user21451	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21452	favorite	holiday
user21452	like_watching	sport
user21452	has_profession	hairdresser
user21452	like_food	pizza
user21453	like_music	country
user21453	other	vegan
user21453	like_activity	knitting
user21453	job_status	disability
user21453	like_activity	cooking
user21454	live_in_general	far away island
user21454	has_profession	writer
user21454	has_hobby	writing
user21454	have_pet	2 cat
user21455	live_in_general	near mountains
user21455	like_animal	all
user21455	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21455	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21456	like_activity	camping
user21456	like_food	meat
user21456	own	large stereo
user21457	like_food	candy
user21457	school_status	graduated
user21457	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21457	has_profession	secretary
user21457	other	name
user21458	job_status	employed
user21458	dislike	father
user21458	has_profession	nurse
user21458	dislike	cat
user21458	like_food	onion
user21459	like_activity	reading
user21459	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21459	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21460	want_job	actor
user21460	like_animal	dog
user21460	other	transgender
user21460	attend_school	middle school
user21461	other	democrat
user21461	like_watching	<blank>
user21461	misc_attribute	political
user21461	job_status	employed
user21461	has_hobby	reading
user21462	like_activity	working out
user21462	like_general	chrildern
user21462	has_hobby	swimming
user21462	have_vehicle	convertible
user21463	has_hobby	board games
user21463	like_read	biographies
user21463	have_pet	1 cat
user21463	school_status	0 graduated
user21464	have	large collection of bears
user21464	has_profession	nurse
user21464	favorite_color	green
user21464	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21465	like_activity	dance
user21465	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21465	live_in_general	edris island
user21465	have_pet	dog
user21466	other	name
user21466	school_status	graduated
user21466	has_profession	secretary
user21466	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21467	has_profession	writer
user21467	like_sports	exercise
user21467	has_hobby	reading
user21467	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21467	own	dieting business
user21468	attend_school	usc
user21468	place_origin	south carolina
user21468	like_movie	horror
user21469	dislike	environment
user21469	like_activity	sewing
user21469	have_pet	1 cat
user21470	job_status	disability
user21470	like_activity	knitting
user21470	like_activity	cooking
user21470	other	vegan
user21470	like_music	country
user21471	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21471	has_profession	attorney
user21471	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21471	like_animal	2 dog
user21471	dislike	religion
user21472	have	tattoos
user21472	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21472	has_profession	barista
user21473	physical_attribute	furry
user21473	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21473	has_age	28
user21473	like_general	internet
user21474	like_activity	sewing
user21474	like_activity	singing
user21474	have_pet	1 cat
user21475	other	allergic to shellfish
user21475	like_activity	hunting
user21475	has_hobby	vintage cars
user21475	has_profession	handyman
user21475	job_status	employed
user21476	like_activity	gardening
user21476	favorite_color	purple
user21476	dislike	water
user21477	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21477	want_do	go to college
user21478	marital_status	married
user21478	like_sports	running
user21478	favorite_music	jazz
user21478	like_general	vintage cars
user21479	other	allergies
user21479	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21479	live_in_general	very small town
user21479	teach	their child
user21480	like_read	drama
user21480	like_activity	video games
user21480	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21481	other	omnivore
user21481	has_profession	sales
user21481	like_music	rush
user21481	has_hobby	graphic design
user21481	have	friend
user21482	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21482	like_activity	singing
user21482	has_profession	mentor
user21482	has_hobby	softball
user21482	like_food	italian cuisine
user21483	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21483	other	allergies
user21483	teach	their child
user21483	live_in_general	very small town
user21484	have_pet	turtle
user21484	like_activity	meet new people
user21484	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21485	like_read	travel
user21485	want_do	travel
user21485	like_activity	walking
user21486	have_pet	1 cat
user21486	dislike	environment
user21486	like_activity	sewing
user21486	like_activity	singing
user21487	place_origin	wisconsin
user21487	favorite_season	winter
user21487	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21487	like_music	metallica
user21488	has_hobby	sewing
user21488	misc_attribute	patriotic
user21488	has_age	baby boomer
user21489	like_activity	video games
user21489	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21489	like_read	drama
user21490	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21490	physical_attribute	short
user21490	have_pet	1 dog
user21490	like_food	muffins
user21490	like_activity	watching movies
user21491	like_food	italian cuisine
user21491	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21491	has_profession	mentor
user21491	has_hobby	softball
user21492	own	new nails
user21492	favorite_animal	horse
user21492	other	diet
user21492	like_goto	beach
user21493	like_activity	partying
user21493	member_of	band
user21493	have_sibling	3 sister
user21493	school_status	never graduated
user21494	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21494	misc_attribute	tired
user21494	gender	male
user21494	previous_profession	military
user21495	like_activity	knitting
user21495	like_music	country
user21495	other	vegan
user21495	job_status	disability
user21496	have_chidren	7 children
user21496	like_general	blue
user21496	has_profession	truck driver
user21496	like_read	mystery
user21496	place_origin	farm
user21497	has_profession	stock broker
user21497	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user21497	have_family	sibling
user21498	dislike	father
user21498	like_food	onion
user21498	job_status	employed
user21498	has_profession	nurse
user21499	favorite_color	purple
user21499	like_watching	tv
user21499	other	devout catholic
user21499	has_profession	nurse
user21500	have_chidren	2 son
user21500	own	vintage decorations
user21500	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21500	like_food	granola
user21500	have_pet	fish
user21501	has_age	young adult
user21501	like_activity	coding
user21501	favorite_drink	iced tea
user21502	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21502	has_hobby	working out
user21502	other	color blind
user21502	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21503	has_hobby	used to drink
user21503	has_hobby	poker
user21503	has_ability	carpenter
user21503	marital_status	married
user21504	marital_status	single
user21504	like_activity	singing
user21504	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21505	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21506	like_read	travel
user21506	have_pet	dog
user21506	like_activity	walking
user21507	school_status	graduated
user21507	marital_status	engaged
user21507	other	used to play sport
user21507	like_sports	<blank>
user21507	favorite_sport	soccer
user21508	has_profession	nurse
user21508	dislike	cat
user21508	dislike	father
user21508	like_food	onion
user21508	job_status	employed
user21509	marital_status	married
user21509	like_sports	running
user21509	has_profession	pediatrician
user21509	like_general	vintage cars
user21509	favorite_music	jazz
user21510	place_origin	north dakota
user21510	other	am jewish
user21510	have	best friend
user21510	like_activity	traveling
user21511	like_music	jazz
user21511	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21511	other	jewish
user21511	other	do not eat sweets
user21511	favorite_show	the office
user21512	has_age	20
user21512	place_origin	puerto rico
user21512	employed_by_general	army
user21512	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21512	misc_attribute	violent
user21513	member_of	band
user21513	school_status	never graduated
user21513	have_sibling	3 sister
user21513	like_activity	partying
user21514	has_profession	0 singer
user21514	place_origin	south carolina
user21514	attend_school	usc
user21514	like_movie	horror
user21515	has_ability	cooking
user21515	have_chidren	3 children
user21515	job_status	employed
user21515	like_animal	cat
user21516	like_activity	shopping
user21516	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user21516	want_job	doctor
user21516	attend_school	auburn
user21517	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21517	misc_attribute	tired
user21517	own	wheelchair
user21517	gender	male
user21517	previous_profession	military
user21518	has_profession	writer
user21518	own	dieting business
user21518	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21518	like_sports	exercise
user21518	has_hobby	reading
user21519	other	allergies
user21519	like_general	early morning
user21519	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21519	teach	their child
user21519	live_in_general	very small town
user21520	attend_school	university of mississippi
user21520	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user21520	has_age	34
user21520	like_general	the environment
user21521	have	large collection of bears
user21521	like_goto	zoo
user21521	has_profession	nurse
user21521	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21522	has_hobby	model building
user21522	misc_attribute	shy
user21522	have	computer science degree
user21522	has_hobby	video games
user21523	like_food	italian cuisine
user21523	has_hobby	softball
user21523	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21523	has_profession	mentor
user21523	like_activity	singing
user21524	like_general	british accents
user21524	has_profession	hairdresser
user21524	marital_status	4 married
user21524	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user21524	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21525	has_profession	doctor
user21525	have_sibling	1 brother
user21525	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21526	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21526	like_activity	reading
user21527	like_food	onion
user21527	has_profession	nurse
user21527	dislike	father
user21527	dislike	cat
user21527	job_status	employed
user21528	have	sweet tooth
user21528	has_profession	dog trainer
user21528	like_activity	dancing
user21528	own	house
user21528	like_activity	photography
user21529	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21529	other	do not eat sweets
user21529	favorite_show	the office
user21529	like_music	jazz
user21529	other	jewish
user21530	want_do	travel
user21530	like_read	travel
user21530	like_activity	walking
user21530	have_pet	dog
user21531	has_ability	carpenter
user21531	marital_status	married
user21531	has_hobby	used to drink
user21531	has_hobby	poker
user21532	favorite_food	sushi
user21532	<blank>	<blank>
user21532	have_family	father
user21532	<blank>	<blank>
user21532	like_food	food with no animal product
user21533	has_profession	advertising
user21533	like_activity	traveling
user21533	have	best friend
user21533	place_origin	north dakota
user21533	other	am jewish
user21534	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21534	has_hobby	singing
user21534	have	allergy to dogs
user21535	job_status	disability
user21535	like_music	country
user21535	like_activity	knitting
user21535	like_activity	cooking
user21535	other	vegan
user21536	has_ability	speak language
user21536	like_food	bacon
user21536	has_profession	engineer
user21536	favorite_music	bach
user21537	has_profession	barista
user21537	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21537	like_music	guitar
user21537	have	tattoos
user21538	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user21538	physical_attribute	blue hair
user21538	attend_school	homeschool
user21539	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21539	like_activity	reading
user21540	other	homebody
user21540	dislike	working out
user21540	like_movie	movies and tv
user21540	like_food	ice cream
user21540	marital_status	married
user21541	job_status	disability
user21541	like_music	country
user21541	like_activity	knitting
user21541	other	vegan
user21542	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user21542	misc_attribute	angry
user21542	employed_by_general	shelter
user21542	job_status	employed
user21542	like_animal	<blank>
user21543	school_status	graduated
user21543	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21543	has_profession	secretary
user21543	like_food	candy
user21544	like_activity	hunting
user21544	other	allergic to shellfish
user21544	has_hobby	vintage cars
user21544	job_status	employed
user21544	has_profession	handyman
user21545	misc_attribute	political
user21545	has_hobby	reading
user21545	other	democrat
user21545	like_watching	<blank>
user21546	favorite_hobby	model building
user21546	have_chidren	child
user21546	have_pet	dog
user21546	like_movie	titantic
user21547	other	went into the army after high school
user21547	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21547	has_hobby	singing
user21548	like_activity	singing
user21548	want	children
user21548	marital_status	single
user21548	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21549	dislike	cat
user21549	has_profession	nurse
user21549	dislike	father
user21549	job_status	employed
user21550	has_profession	0 singer
user21550	place_origin	south carolina
user21550	attend_school	usc
user21550	like_movie	horror
user21551	like_music	ed sheeran
user21551	favorite_activity	poker
user21551	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21551	like_activity	running
user21552	misc_attribute	angry
user21552	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user21552	employed_by_general	shelter
user21552	job_status	employed
user21553	want	moving to new york next year
user21553	other	"cant sing well"
user21553	like_activity	surf
user21553	place_origin	california
user21554	like_music	taylor swift
user21554	live_in_general	large city
user21554	have_pet	2 horse
user21554	employed_by_general	grocery store
user21554	like_activity	painting
user21555	has_hobby	working out
user21555	other	color blind
user21555	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21555	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21555	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21556	want_do	writing
user21556	member_of	<blank>
user21556	like_general	fantasy
user21556	job_status	2 employed
user21557	job_status	employed
user21557	like_food	onion
user21557	has_profession	nurse
user21557	dislike	father
user21558	other	homebody
user21558	like_food	ice cream
user21558	marital_status	married
user21558	dislike	working out
user21558	like_movie	movies and tv
user21559	like_read	romance
user21559	want_job	chef
user21559	dislike	dog
user21559	live_in_general	apartment
user21560	marital_status	married
user21560	favorite_music	jazz
user21560	has_profession	pediatrician
user21560	like_general	vintage cars
user21561	has_profession	doctor
user21561	like_food	meat
user21561	has_hobby	weightlifting
user21562	like_animal	2 dog
user21562	has_profession	attorney
user21562	dislike	religion
user21562	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21563	favorite_music	bach
user21563	has_ability	speak language
user21563	has_profession	engineer
user21563	dislike	insects
user21563	like_food	bacon
user21564	live_in_general	under the sea
user21564	like_activity	exploring
user21564	attend_school	<blank>
user21564	have	friends
user21565	like_general	early morning
user21565	other	allergies
user21565	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21565	teach	their child
user21566	like_activity	play
user21566	has_age	28
user21566	physical_attribute	furry
user21566	like_general	internet
user21566	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21567	member_of	band
user21567	school_status	never graduated
user21567	have_sibling	3 sister
user21568	have_pet	dog
user21568	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21568	live_in_general	edris island
user21569	live_in_general	under the sea
user21569	like_activity	exploring
user21569	attend_school	<blank>
user21569	have	friends
user21569	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user21570	school_status	student
user21570	school_status	student
user21570	attend_school	university
user21570	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21571	marital_status	married
user21571	has_hobby	used to drink
user21571	has_hobby	poker
user21571	has_ability	carpenter
user21572	has_hobby	working out
user21572	like_animal	horse
user21572	like_music	john denver
user21572	like_animal	horse
user21572	like_activity	cooking
user21573	like_animal	cat
user21573	job_status	employed
user21573	has_ability	cooking
user21573	other	feels too heavy
user21574	favorite_animal	horse
user21574	other	diet
user21574	like_goto	beach
user21575	like_music	metallica
user21575	favorite_season	winter
user21575	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21575	have_sibling	2 brother
user21575	place_origin	wisconsin
user21576	have	large collection of bears
user21576	has_profession	nurse
user21576	favorite_color	green
user21576	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21577	has_hobby	working out
user21577	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21577	other	color blind
user21577	favorite_music_artist	tim mcgraw
user21577	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21578	want	big family
user21578	marital_status	married
user21578	has_hobby	reading
user21579	live_in_general	low income housing
user21579	school_status	dropped out
user21579	has_hobby	running
user21579	dislike	all
user21580	has_profession	musician
user21580	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user21580	has_hobby	running
user21580	employed_by_company	pet smart
user21581	employed_by_company	hollister
user21581	like_food	chips
user21581	has_profession	skater
user21581	other	was born with a tail
user21581	has_ability	play instrument
user21582	not_have	child
user21582	attend_school	mit
user21582	dislike	snake
user21582	has_profession	writer
user21583	like_animal	horse
user21583	like_animal	horse
user21583	like_music	john denver
user21583	has_hobby	working out
user21584	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user21584	have_family	sibling
user21585	like_goto	zoo
user21585	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21585	have	large collection of bears
user21585	favorite_color	green
user21585	has_profession	nurse
user21586	has_hobby	poker
user21586	misc_attribute	lonely
user21586	has_ability	carpenter
user21586	marital_status	married
user21586	has_hobby	used to drink
user21587	like_general	ice
user21587	like_activity	hunting
user21587	has_profession	explorer
user21587	want_job	archaeologist
user21588	have	friends
user21588	attend_school	university
user21588	has_age	22
user21588	like_sports	sports
user21588	like_music	rap
user21589	place_origin	late was
user21589	have_chidren	3 daughter
user21589	like_music	heart
user21589	marital_status	divorced
user21590	other	was born with a tail
user21590	employed_by_company	hollister
user21590	like_food	chips
user21590	has_profession	skater
user21591	marital_status	married
user21591	like_activity	cooking
user21591	misc_attribute	conservative
user21591	has_profession	teacher
user21592	favorite_food	sushi
user21592	have_family	father
user21592	like_food	food with no animal product
user21592	<blank>	<blank>
user21593	like_activity	traveling
user21593	want_job	lawyer
user21593	school_status	student
user21594	like_music	rap
user21594	like_sports	sports
user21594	has_age	22
user21594	have	friends
user21595	attend_school	<blank>
user21595	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user21595	like_activity	exploring
user21595	have	friends
user21595	live_in_general	under the sea
user21596	like_activity	surf
user21596	has_profession	actor
user21596	other	"cant sing well"
user21596	want	moving to new york next year
user21597	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21597	like_general	seasons
user21597	like_activity	meet new people
user21597	have_pet	turtle
user21598	want	children
user21598	attend_school	high school
user21598	want_job	fashion designer
user21598	misc_attribute	criminal
user21599	has_age	20
user21599	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21599	place_origin	puerto rico
user21599	employed_by_general	army
user21599	misc_attribute	violent
user21600	have_vehicle	ford
user21600	own	3 guns
user21600	misc_attribute	conservative
user21600	like_goto	church
user21601	live_in_citystatecountry	florida
user21601	like_activity	video games
user21601	like_read	drama
user21601	has_profession	musician
user21602	want_job	actor
user21602	other	transgender
user21602	attend_school	middle school
user21602	like_animal	dog
user21602	like_music	pink floyd
user21603	like_general	chrildern
user21603	have_vehicle	convertible
user21603	has_hobby	swimming
user21603	like_activity	working out
user21604	job_status	employed
user21604	other	feels too heavy
user21604	have_chidren	3 children
user21604	like_animal	cat
user21605	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21605	other	do not eat sweets
user21605	other	jewish
user21605	favorite_show	the office
user21606	has_hobby	patchworking
user21606	previous_profession	banker
user21606	has_hobby	sewing
user21606	has_hobby	walking
user21606	have_pet	cat
user21607	like_drink	scotch
user21607	dislike	dog
user21607	want_do	short stories
user21607	previous_profession	carnival
user21607	like_movie	superhero
user21608	like_activity	horseback riding
user21608	misc_attribute	personable
user21608	job_status	employed
user21609	school_status	dropped out
user21609	dislike	all
user21609	has_hobby	running
user21609	live_in_general	low income housing
user21609	employed_by_general	fast food
user21610	marital_status	married
user21610	has_hobby	poker
user21610	has_ability	carpenter
user21610	misc_attribute	lonely
user21611	have	friends
user21611	physical_attribute	1 tail as feet and long wavy hair
user21611	live_in_general	under the sea
user21611	like_activity	exploring
user21612	employed_by_general	grocery store
user21612	like_activity	painting
user21612	like_music	taylor swift
user21612	live_in_general	large city
user21613	like_general	vintage cars
user21613	favorite_music	jazz
user21613	has_profession	pediatrician
user21613	like_sports	running
user21613	marital_status	married
user21614	job_status	employed
user21614	has_hobby	reading
user21614	misc_attribute	political
user21614	like_watching	<blank>
user21615	like_general	internet
user21615	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21615	like_activity	play
user21615	physical_attribute	furry
user21615	has_age	28
user21616	live_in_general	very small town
user21616	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21616	like_general	early morning
user21616	teach	their child
user21617	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21617	like_music	ed sheeran
user21617	favorite_activity	poker
user21617	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21617	like_activity	running
user21618	misc_attribute	introvert
user21618	live_in_general	far away island
user21618	has_hobby	writing
user21618	have_pet	2 cat
user21618	has_profession	writer
user21619	live_in_general	abroad
user21619	favorite_hobby	model building
user21619	have_chidren	child
user21619	like_movie	titantic
user21620	has_profession	writer
user21620	has_hobby	reading
user21620	own	dieting business
user21620	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21620	like_sports	exercise
user21621	like_food	food with no animal product
user21621	<blank>	<blank>
user21621	favorite_food	sushi
user21621	have_family	father
user21622	not_have	child
user21622	dislike	snake
user21622	has_profession	writer
user21623	attend_school	university
user21623	place_origin	united states
user21623	other	studious
user21623	school_status	student
user21624	not_have	child
user21624	dislike	snake
user21624	attend_school	mit
user21624	has_profession	writer
user21625	favorite_activity	poker
user21625	like_activity	running
user21625	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21625	like_music	ed sheeran
user21626	has_profession	nurse
user21626	dislike	father
user21626	job_status	employed
user21626	dislike	cat
user21626	like_food	onion
user21627	live_in_general	near mountains
user21627	other	parents are teachers
user21627	like_animal	all
user21627	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21627	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21628	want_job	chef
user21628	dislike	dog
user21628	like_read	romance
user21628	has_age	32
user21629	live_in_citystatecountry	south korea
user21629	employed_by_general	army
user21629	place_origin	puerto rico
user21629	misc_attribute	violent
user21629	has_age	20
user21630	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21630	teach	their child
user21630	live_in_general	very small town
user21630	like_general	early morning
user21631	live_in_citystatecountry	chicago
user21631	has_profession	barista
user21631	have	tattoos
user21631	like_music	guitar
user21632	attend_school	usc
user21632	like_movie	horror
user21632	place_origin	south carolina
user21633	has_profession	engineer
user21633	dislike	insects
user21633	has_ability	speak language
user21633	like_food	bacon
user21634	want	successfull
user21634	attend_school	university
user21634	school_status	student
user21634	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21635	like_activity	dance
user21635	have_pet	dog
user21635	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21635	live_in_general	edris island
user21636	favorite_color	purple
user21636	like_activity	gardening
user21636	employed_by_general	factory
user21637	has_profession	nurse
user21637	favorite_color	purple
user21637	other	devout catholic
user21638	like_sports	sports
user21638	like_music	rap
user21638	attend_school	university
user21638	has_age	22
user21638	have	friends
user21639	want_job	lawyer
user21639	like_activity	traveling
user21639	have_pet	dog
user21639	school_status	student
user21640	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21640	like_goto	restaurant
user21640	want	retirement
user21640	like_music	oldies
user21640	like_sports	racquetball
user21641	school_status	student
user21641	like_music	<blank>
user21641	physical_attribute	short
user21641	have_family	3 family
user21642	like_animal	all
user21642	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21642	live_in_general	near mountains
user21642	other	parents are teachers
user21643	other	democrat
user21643	job_status	employed
user21643	like_watching	<blank>
user21643	has_hobby	reading
user21644	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21644	school_status	graduated
user21644	has_profession	secretary
user21644	other	name
user21645	want_do	travel
user21645	like_activity	walking
user21645	have_pet	dog
user21646	has_hobby	used to drink
user21646	has_hobby	poker
user21646	misc_attribute	lonely
user21646	has_ability	carpenter
user21646	marital_status	married
user21647	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21647	own	dieting business
user21647	has_profession	writer
user21647	like_sports	exercise
user21648	like_food	granola
user21648	own	vintage decorations
user21648	have_pet	fish
user21648	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21649	own	new nails
user21649	favorite_animal	horse
user21649	like_goto	beach
user21649	other	diet
user21650	physical_attribute	furry
user21650	live_in_citystatecountry	texas
user21650	like_general	internet
user21650	like_activity	play
user21650	has_age	28
user21651	attend_school	usc
user21651	like_movie	horror
user21651	has_profession	0 singer
user21652	have_pet	3 dog
user21652	like_watching	sport
user21652	has_profession	hairdresser
user21652	favorite	holiday
user21653	has_hobby	used to drink
user21653	has_hobby	poker
user21653	marital_status	married
user21653	has_ability	carpenter
user21653	misc_attribute	lonely
user21654	like_food	meat
user21654	like_activity	camping
user21655	job_status	employed
user21655	misc_attribute	angry
user21655	employed_by_general	shelter
user21655	like_animal	<blank>
user21655	favorite_music_artist	simple plan
user21656	live_in_general	abroad
user21656	have_pet	dog
user21656	like_movie	titantic
user21656	have_chidren	child
user21656	favorite_hobby	model building
user21657	misc_attribute	private
user21657	like_drink	water
user21657	like_goto	gym
user21657	other	do not want children
user21657	employed_by_general	hospital
user21658	like_music	<blank>
user21658	physical_attribute	short
user21658	school_status	student
user21658	have_family	3 family
user21659	job_status	employed
user21659	misc_attribute	personable
user21659	like_activity	horseback riding
user21659	like_general	faciiak hair
user21660	has_profession	hairdresser
user21660	like_general	british accents
user21660	favorite_hobby	collecting civil war antiques
user21660	physical_attribute	allergic to mangoes
user21661	want_job	doctor
user21661	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user21661	school_status	student
user21661	attend_school	auburn
user21662	not_have	child
user21662	has_profession	writer
user21662	attend_school	mit
user21662	dislike	snake
user21663	has_hobby	sewing
user21663	has_hobby	patchworking
user21663	has_hobby	walking
user21663	have_pet	cat
user21664	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21664	has_hobby	reading
user21664	own	dieting business
user21664	has_profession	writer
user21664	like_sports	exercise
user21665	like_music	heart
user21665	place_origin	late was
user21665	marital_status	divorced
user21666	favorite_show	the office
user21666	like_music	jazz
user21666	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21666	other	jewish
user21666	other	do not eat sweets
user21667	like_activity	singing
user21667	want	children
user21667	marital_status	single
user21668	like_activity	camping
user21668	like_food	meat
user21668	own	large stereo
user21669	like_activity	reading
user21669	like_activity	cooking
user21669	misc_attribute	conservative
user21669	has_profession	teacher
user21670	school_status	graduated
user21670	marital_status	engaged
user21670	like_sports	<blank>
user21670	other	used to play sport
user21671	has_hobby	softball
user21671	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21671	has_profession	mentor
user21671	like_activity	singing
user21671	like_food	italian cuisine
user21672	like_activity	walking
user21672	want_do	travel
user21672	have_pet	dog
user21672	like_read	travel
user21673	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21673	other	went into the army after high school
user21673	has_hobby	singing
user21673	have	allergy to dogs
user21674	want	moving to new york next year
user21674	like_activity	surf
user21674	place_origin	california
user21674	has_profession	actor
user21675	dislike	cat
user21675	has_profession	nurse
user21675	job_status	employed
user21675	like_food	onion
user21675	dislike	father
user21676	live_in_general	edris island
user21676	have_pet	dog
user21676	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21677	gender	male
user21677	misc_attribute	tired
user21677	previous_profession	military
user21677	own	wheelchair
user21677	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21678	like_animal	2 dog
user21678	dislike	religion
user21678	has_profession	attorney
user21678	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21678	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21679	has_profession	artist
user21679	physical_attribute	short
user21679	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21679	has_hobby	projects
user21679	has_profession	0 janitor
user21680	favorite_music	bach
user21680	has_profession	engineer
user21680	dislike	insects
user21680	like_food	bacon
user21680	has_ability	speak language
user21681	misc_attribute	private
user21681	like_drink	water
user21681	other	do not want children
user21681	like_goto	gym
user21682	place_origin	united states
user21682	other	studious
user21682	school_status	student
user21682	want_job	scientist
user21683	has_profession	nurse
user21683	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21683	have	large collection of bears
user21683	favorite_color	green
user21683	like_goto	zoo
user21684	like_activity	cooking
user21684	like_activity	reading
user21684	has_profession	teacher
user21684	marital_status	married
user21684	misc_attribute	conservative
user21685	like_movie	titantic
user21685	favorite_hobby	model building
user21685	have_chidren	child
user21685	have_pet	dog
user21685	live_in_general	abroad
user21686	live_in_general	edris island
user21686	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21686	like_activity	dance
user21687	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21687	dislike	religion
user21687	like_animal	2 dog
user21687	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21687	has_profession	attorney
user21688	like_general	early morning
user21688	other	allergies
user21688	teach	their child
user21688	like_activity	arts and crafts
user21689	dislike	snake
user21689	has_profession	writer
user21689	not_have	child
user21689	attend_school	mit
user21690	physical_attribute	webbed toes
user21690	has_profession	artist
user21690	has_hobby	projects
user21690	has_profession	0 janitor
user21691	like_animal	dog
user21691	want_job	actor
user21691	attend_school	middle school
user21691	like_music	pink floyd
user21692	physical_attribute	short
user21692	school_status	student
user21692	have_family	3 family
user21692	like_music	<blank>
user21693	marital_status	married
user21693	favorite_music	jazz
user21693	has_profession	pediatrician
user21693	like_general	vintage cars
user21693	like_sports	running
user21694	like_activity	reading
user21694	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21694	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21695	own	3 guns
user21695	misc_attribute	conservative
user21695	like_goto	church
user21696	physical_attribute	1 leg
user21696	misc_attribute	tired
user21696	gender	male
user21696	previous_profession	military
user21697	like_activity	coplay
user21697	live_in_citystatecountry	california
user21697	physical_attribute	blue hair
user21697	attend_school	homeschool
user21698	has_ability	play instrument
user21698	employed_by_company	hollister
user21698	other	was born with a tail
user21698	has_profession	skater
user21698	like_food	chips
user21699	has_ability	speak language
user21699	like_food	bacon
user21699	favorite_music	bach
user21699	has_profession	engineer
user21699	dislike	insects
user21700	school_status	never graduated
user21700	have	surgery
user21700	have_pet	2 dog
user21700	favorite_food	sardines
user21700	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21701	have	surgery
user21701	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21701	have_pet	2 dog
user21701	school_status	never graduated
user21701	favorite_food	sardines
user21702	like_movie	superhero
user21702	like_drink	scotch
user21702	want_do	short stories
user21702	previous_profession	carnival
user21703	other	democrat
user21703	like_watching	<blank>
user21703	has_hobby	reading
user21703	job_status	employed
user21704	like_animal	all
user21704	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21704	other	parents are teachers
user21704	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21704	live_in_general	near mountains
user21705	marital_status	engaged
user21705	school_status	graduated
user21705	favorite_sport	soccer
user21705	other	used to play sport
user21706	have_sibling	2 brother
user21706	place_origin	wisconsin
user21706	like_music	metallica
user21706	has_profession	managerial consultant
user21707	like_animal	cat
user21707	have_chidren	3 children
user21707	job_status	employed
user21707	has_ability	cooking
user21708	has_age	40
user21708	dislike	being still
user21708	gender	male
user21708	marital_status	divorced
user21709	have	friend
user21709	has_profession	sales
user21709	other	omnivore
user21709	has_hobby	graphic design
user21710	like_goto	church
user21710	have_vehicle	ford
user21710	misc_attribute	conservative
user21711	has_hobby	working out
user21711	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21711	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21711	other	color blind
user21712	attend_school	auburn
user21712	have_vehicle	volkswagen
user21712	like_activity	shopping
user21712	want_job	doctor
user21712	school_status	student
user21713	like_activity	meet new people
user21713	like_general	seasons
user21713	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21713	have_pet	turtle
user21714	dislike	working out
user21714	other	homebody
user21714	like_food	ice cream
user21714	like_movie	movies and tv
user21714	marital_status	married
user21715	physical_attribute	1 stutter
user21715	like_activity	reading
user21715	have_sibling	7 sibling
user21716	has_profession	handyman
user21716	other	allergic to shellfish
user21716	has_hobby	vintage cars
user21716	job_status	employed
user21717	favorite_color	purple
user21717	other	devout catholic
user21717	has_profession	nurse
user21718	like_general	seasons
user21718	like_activity	meet new people
user21718	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21718	have_pet	turtle
user21719	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21719	like_music	oldies
user21719	like_goto	restaurant
user21719	want	retirement
user21720	has_profession	engineer
user21720	dislike	insects
user21720	has_ability	speak language
user21720	like_food	bacon
user21720	favorite_music	bach
user21721	has_profession	teacher
user21721	like_activity	cooking
user21721	misc_attribute	conservative
user21721	marital_status	married
user21722	have_pet	2 dog
user21722	have_chidren	3 children
user21722	has_profession	"nurses aide"
user21722	like_activity	cycling
user21722	like_general	caring for others
user21723	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21723	have_pet	2 dog
user21723	school_status	never graduated
user21723	favorite_food	sardines
user21723	have	surgery
user21724	school_status	student
user21724	like_activity	traveling
user21724	have_pet	dog
user21725	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21725	have_pet	dog
user21725	live_in_general	edris island
user21726	like_read	travel
user21726	have_pet	dog
user21726	like_activity	walking
user21726	want_do	travel
user21727	own	3 guns
user21727	have_vehicle	ford
user21727	like_goto	church
user21727	misc_attribute	conservative
user21728	misc_attribute	political
user21728	has_hobby	reading
user21728	other	democrat
user21728	job_status	employed
user21729	other	transgender
user21729	like_animal	dog
user21729	like_music	pink floyd
user21729	attend_school	middle school
user21730	like_read	poetry
user21730	misc_attribute	open
user21730	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21730	like_activity	hiking
user21730	want_do	draw
user21731	like_activity	partying
user21731	school_status	never graduated
user21731	member_of	band
user21732	own	honda civic
user21732	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21732	has_profession	accountant
user21732	like_activity	hiking
user21732	have_chidren	2 son
user21733	has_ability	play instrument
user21733	employed_by_company	hollister
user21733	has_profession	skater
user21733	other	was born with a tail
user21733	like_food	chips
user21734	like_read	mystery
user21734	place_origin	farm
user21734	have_chidren	7 children
user21734	has_profession	truck driver
user21734	like_general	blue
user21735	have_pet	fish
user21735	own	vintage decorations
user21735	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21735	have_chidren	2 son
user21736	has_profession	stock broker
user21736	favorite_food	eggplant parmigiana
user21736	have_family	sibling
user21737	physical_attribute	short
user21737	employed_by_general	healthcare
user21737	have_pet	1 dog
user21737	like_food	muffins
user21737	like_activity	watching movies
user21738	like_sports	sports
user21738	has_age	22
user21738	attend_school	university
user21738	have	friends
user21739	has_hobby	sewing
user21739	have_pet	cat
user21739	has_hobby	patchworking
user21739	previous_profession	banker
user21739	has_hobby	walking
user21740	like_read	biographies
user21740	school_status	0 graduated
user21740	has_hobby	board games
user21741	like_sports	racquetball
user21741	has_profession	administrative assistant
user21741	like_music	oldies
user21741	like_goto	restaurant
user21741	want	retirement
user21742	have_chidren	7 children
user21742	like_general	blue
user21742	place_origin	farm
user21742	like_read	mystery
user21742	has_profession	truck driver
user21743	has_profession	writer
user21743	own	dieting business
user21743	like_sports	exercise
user21743	has_hobby	reading
user21743	have_pet	3 cats and dogs
user21744	physical_attribute	short
user21744	have_family	3 family
user21744	like_music	<blank>
user21744	school_status	student
user21745	have_pet	1 cat
user21745	dislike	environment
user21745	like_activity	sewing
user21745	like_activity	singing
user21746	dislike	being still
user21746	has_age	40
user21746	has_ability	build things with my hands
user21746	gender	male
user21747	like_read	travel
user21747	have_pet	dog
user21747	like_activity	walking
user21747	want_do	travel
user21748	misc_attribute	patriotic
user21748	has_age	baby boomer
user21748	has_hobby	sewing
user21749	like_activity	photography
user21749	like_activity	dancing
user21749	have	sweet tooth
user21749	has_profession	dog trainer
user21749	own	house
user21750	like_activity	camping
user21750	own	large stereo
user21750	like_food	meat
user21751	has_hobby	writing
user21751	live_in_general	far away island
user21751	misc_attribute	introvert
user21751	have_pet	2 cat
user21751	has_profession	writer
user21752	school_status	student
user21752	have_pet	dog
user21752	want_job	lawyer
user21752	like_activity	traveling
user21753	like_music	pink floyd
user21753	want_job	actor
user21753	other	transgender
user21753	like_animal	dog
user21754	favorite_animal	horse
user21754	like_goto	beach
user21754	own	new nails
user21754	other	diet
user21755	like_general	theodore roosevelt
user21755	has_hobby	blog about rabbit rescues
user21755	has_hobby	working out
user21755	other	color blind
user21756	live_in_citystatecountry	oklahoma
user21756	has_profession	attorney
user21756	like_animal	2 dog
user21756	dislike	religion
user21756	misc_attribute	fear of heights
user21757	other	transgender
user21757	attend_school	middle school
user21757	like_music	pink floyd
user21757	want_job	actor
user21758	other	allergic to shellfish
user21758	has_profession	handyman
user21758	has_hobby	vintage cars
user21758	like_activity	hunting
user21759	favorite_animal	horse
user21759	other	diet
user21759	own	new nails
user21759	like_goto	beach
user21760	own	1 large garden
user21760	has_hobby	traveling
user21760	has_hobby	traveling
user21760	has_profession	teacher
user21760	has_hobby	walking
user21761	place_origin	california
user21761	want	moving to new york next year
user21761	has_profession	actor
user21761	like_activity	surf
user21762	like_music	<blank>
user21762	physical_attribute	short
user21762	have_family	3 family
user21763	school_status	student
user21763	have_sibling	0 sibling
user21763	attend_school	university
user21763	school_status	student
user21764	misc_attribute	criminal
user21764	want_job	fashion designer
user21764	want	children
user21764	attend_school	high school
user21765	want_do	draw
user21765	like_activity	hiking
user21765	like_read	poetry
user21765	misc_attribute	open
user21765	has_hobby	stamp collecting
user21766	live_in_citystatecountry	seattle
user21766	school_status	graduated
user21766	has_profession	teacher
user21766	other	poor
user21767	misc_attribute	private
user21767	other	do not want children
user21767	like_drink	water
user21767	employed_by_general	hospital
user21768	gender	male
user21768	has_ability	build things with my hands
user21768	dislike	being still
user21768	marital_status	divorced
user21769	have_pet	turtle
user21769	like_general	seasons
user21769	favorite_sport	ultimate frisbee
user21770	have_pet	dog
user21770	school_status	student
user21770	want_job	lawyer
user21770	like_activity	traveling
user21771	want_job	archaeologist
user21771	has_profession	explorer
user21771	like_general	ice
user21771	like_activity	hunting
user21772	live_in_general	near mountains
user21772	favorite_music_artist	barry manila
user21772	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21772	other	parents are teachers
user21772	like_animal	all
user21773	like_animal	all
user21773	other	parents are teachers
user21773	live_in_general	near mountains
user21773	have	0 three cats and two dogs
user21774	has_profession	stock broker
user21774	have_family	sibling
user21775	has_hobby	sewing
user21775	misc_attribute	patriotic
user21775	has_age	baby boomer
user21776	favorite_music_artist	nirvana
user21776	has_hobby	running
user21776	has_profession	musician
user21776	employed_by_company	pet smart
user21777	has_age	12
user21777	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21777	live_in_general	same place
user21777	like_general	roller coasters
user21778	want_job	lawyer
user21778	have_pet	dog
user21778	like_activity	traveling
user21778	school_status	student
user21779	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21779	like_music	jazz
user21779	favorite_show	the office
user21779	other	do not eat sweets
user21780	have_chidren	2 son
user21780	live_in_citystatecountry	ohio
user21780	has_profession	accountant
user21780	like_activity	hiking
user21781	favorite_color	purple
user21781	has_profession	nurse
user21781	other	devout catholic
user21781	like_watching	tv
user21782	has_profession	secretary
user21782	school_status	graduated
user21782	other	name
user21782	other	was on the soccer team in college
user21783	live_in_general	low income housing
user21783	employed_by_general	fast food
user21783	dislike	all
user21783	school_status	dropped out
user21784	school_status	graduated
user21784	have_pet	1 cat
user21784	other	poor
user21784	has_profession	teacher
user21785	attend_school	0 <blank>
user21785	like_music	ed sheeran
user21785	like_activity	running
user21785	has_hobby	jujitsu
user21785	favorite_activity	poker
user21786	like_general	fantasy
user21786	job_status	2 employed
user21786	want_do	writing
user21786	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user21787	like_activity	playing frisbee
user21787	favorite_food	sardines
user21787	have_pet	2 dog
user21787	school_status	never graduated
user21788	want_job	lawyer
user21788	like_activity	traveling
user21788	school_status	student
user21789	school_status	student
user21789	want_job	scientist
user21789	place_origin	united states
user21789	other	studious
user21789	attend_school	university
user21790	favorite_color	purple
user21790	employed_by_general	factory
user21790	dislike	water
user21790	like_activity	gardening
user21791	like_activity	dance
user21791	have_pet	dog
user21791	live_in_general	edris island
user21791	physical_attribute	mixed race
user21792	like_drink	scotch
user21792	want_do	short stories
user21792	previous_profession	carnival
user21792	dislike	dog
user21792	like_movie	superhero
user21793	like_activity	cooking
user21793	like_animal	horse
user21793	has_hobby	working out
user21793	like_animal	horse
user21793	like_music	john denver
user21794	has_profession	12 real estate agent
user21794	has_age	34
user21794	have	2 children that are in their kindergarten
user21794	like_general	the environment
user21794	attend_school	university of mississippi
user21795	like_activity	partying
user21795	have_sibling	3 sister
user21795	member_of	band
user21796	job_status	2 employed
user21796	like_general	fantasy
user21796	like_watching	the lord of the rings
user21796	member_of	<blank>
user21797	has_ability	carpenter
user21797	has_hobby	poker
user21797	misc_attribute	lonely
user21797	marital_status	married
user21798	school_status	never graduated
user21798	favorite_food	sardines
user21798	have	surgery
user21798	have_pet	2 dog
user21799	other	went into the army after high school
user21799	physical_attribute	colorblind
user21799	has_hobby	singing
user21799	have	allergy to dogs
user21800	like_activity	singing
user21800	has_hobby	taekwondo
user21800	like_food	italian cuisine
user21800	has_profession	mentor
user21801	has_profession	nurse
user21801	like_food	onion
user21801	dislike	father
user21801	dislike	cat
user21802	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21802	like_goto	zoo
user21802	have	large collection of bears
user21802	favorite_color	green
user21802	has_profession	nurse
user21803	employed_by_general	factory
user21803	like_activity	gardening
user21803	dislike	water
user21803	favorite_color	purple
user21804	want_job	actor
user21804	like_music	pink floyd
user21804	attend_school	middle school
user21804	other	transgender
user21804	like_animal	dog
user21805	has_hobby	working out
user21805	like_music	john denver
user21805	like_animal	horse
user21805	like_animal	horse
user21805	like_activity	cooking
user21806	has_profession	advertising
user21806	have	best friend
user21806	other	am jewish
user21806	place_origin	north dakota
user21807	have	weights
user21807	physical_attribute	tall
user21807	like_activity	cooking
user21807	employed_by_general	warehouse
user21808	school_status	student
user21808	like_music	<blank>
user21808	have_family	3 family
user21808	physical_attribute	short
user21809	want_do	go to college
user21809	employed_by_company	mcdonalds
user21810	other	do not eat sweets
user21810	live_in_citystatecountry	new york
user21810	other	jewish
user21810	favorite_show	the office
user21811	have_pet	fish
user21811	own	vintage decorations
user21811	attend_school	cosmetology school
user21811	like_food	granola
user21812	like_drink	water
user21812	other	do not want children
user21812	like_goto	gym
user21812	misc_attribute	private
user21812	employed_by_general	hospital
user21813	have	friends
user21813	like_sports	sports
user21813	has_age	22
user21813	attend_school	university
user21813	like_music	rap
user21814	have	large collection of bears
user21814	has_profession	nurse
user21814	has_profession	red cross volunteer
user21814	favorite_color	green
